With its own integrity in tatters, Scott Morrison's government is trying to ram its anti-worker so-called Ensuring
This is the standard that Scott Morrison accepts. Not good enough. #auspol
Good. #auspol
We know what this “Ensuring Integrity” Bill is really about. It’s about the Liberals and Nationals taking out unions, so
Robodebt is illegal and must be scrapped, as Labor has constantly said. Well done to VLA for courageous advocacy. Now
The Liberals don't even want unions to exist.  And if this Government had their way, we'd see more wage theft, more
Scott Morrison thinks he has a right to rule this country.  Well, I've got news for him:  You will be held to account. And so
This Government hates working people. We’ll fight them every step of the way. #auspol
You can read more about this story at
What doesn’t the Government want you to know? #auspol
Very important question.  Shameful answer.
Angus Taylor, it's time to go. #auspol
Lily Coy couldn't walk from the table to the sink.  It took 18 months of begging for her to get the aged care that she
Extraordinary to hear Morrison Government defend failure to invest in more home care by saying the workforce isn’t
We all have a responsibility to end gender-based violence, will you help?
Two minutes.  Six years of Liberal Government.  Challenge accepted.
The Liberals are trying to ram through their anti-worker legislation.  They’re going after ordinary workers by taking away
Last parliamentary fortnight of the year.   The Government could have come with a plan to boost wages, create jobs and turn
Our fire seasons are getting longer. We face more intense and more frequent natural disasters, due to climate change. The
I’ve written to the PM.  The science tells us that climate change means longer and more intense bushfire seasons.  The
Talking infrastructure with @AnnastaciaMP – and all the good, well-paying jobs that come with it. We need these investments
Scott Morrison is doing nothing about wage theft while doing everything to prevent unions from stopping or exposing it.  Labor won't let him get away with it. #auspol #EnsuringIntegrity
Wage theft is rife. Bushfires are raging. But Scott Morrison’s priorities are weakening IR and environmental laws.
Congratulations to @DoctorKarl - my favourite podcast, a national treasure and loud shirt enthusiast (this pic from
Today’s announcement from the Govt is an admission that Labor’s been right to say the economy is much weaker than
Good. Now the Liberals need to put humans back into human services – and start treating people humanely.
Robodebt Minister Stuart Robert has made the starkest admission yet that his pet scheme that terrorises innocent Australians - is not actually alright. 👇
I’m travelling through Western NSW. Here are five things people should know about Broken Hill
ICYMI- my 🧵 from yesterday about the Liberal National Government’s visa privatisation plan and all the other alarm bells
More heartbreaking news for these communities that are already doing it so tough – and a reminder that this disaster will be
Your support could make a world of difference for those Bushfire-affected communities across Australia. If you can spare it, please chip in to support the @RedCrossAU disaster relief fund.
Bushfire conditions in Qld and NSW remain very dangerous. @australianlabor stands with all levels of government, our
The danger isn’t over. Fires are still burning across NSW, and Queensland is facing a shocking day today.  Please keep
Looks like a particularly tough day ahead in Qld. Stay safe everyone and listen to the warnings. #qldfires
In Casino being briefed by @NSWRFS and thanking the personnel on the ground. Our emergency crews are doing incredible work
Stay safe, everyone.
Meet Liberal Senator Gerard Rennick. He reckons the Bureau of Meteorology is engaged in a conspiracy to rewrite climate
A state of emergency has been declared in NSW.   Let’s make sure people see this.
They shall grow not old, as we that are left grow old:   Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn.   At the going down of the sun and in the morning   We will remember them.  #LestWeForget
At the going down of the sun and in the morning, we will remember them. #LestWeForget
We're not out of the woods. Not even close.   Emergency services are saying that Tuesday could be a catastrophe – not just
Three terms, three prime ministers and no plan for anything.   People are asking themselves – what is the point of this
Tragic loss of life and property in the Qld/NSW bushfires. A statement from @AlboMP and me on behalf of @AustralianLabor.
Heartbreaking news. Our thoughts are with their family, friends and community, and all those still in harm’s way. Our
We got it wrong. And we will change.  At the next election, Labor will offer Australians a real alternative:  A party of
Congratulations to the Matildas for securing a fairer pay deal that closes the gender pay gap between Australia's national football teams! #auspol
Four tests for @ScottMorrisonMP:  Restore support for farming families cut off from the Farm Household Allowance.   Release
Earth to Scott. Time to come back to reality and start doing your job. #auspol
How much worse is Scott Morrison going to let our economy get? #auspol
The Liberals have presided over the worst retail sales result since the 1990s, record household debt, and the slowest
This guy gave me the gift of walking again. I was the 26th patient in Australia to undergo his pioneering surgery
Want to read more? Head here to get the full story:
Nobody should work for $3 an hour.    What’s Scott Morrison’s excuse for letting this happen? #auspol
"Australia is richly endowed with resources that allow it to prosper from a global movement to zero net emissions."
“I don’t think Australians know how we are treated.”  Being paid $3 an hour. Payslips withheld. Overcrowded accomodation.
The royal commission heard that 16,000 elderly Australians died last year while waiting for a home care package. The
ABS retail figures out today: 0.2% increase well below market expectations. No sign that tax cuts or interest rate
We're calling on theGovernment to act now and fix Australia’s broken aged care system. We need your voice too.
We’re living in a democracy, here.   People have a right to speak up.   People have a right to be heard.   People have a
The Liberals said they’d get child care costs down.  Yeah right. #auspol
Aged Care Minister Richard Colbeck is refusing to face the media to answer questions about the disaster in aged care.  But
Paul Whelan was a lovely man, a dedicated father, a well-respected community leader and a very good Minister for Police. 
How is this good enough?
One of Labor’s finest achievements. One of Gough’s greatest legacies.  Because discrimination against one of us hurts all of
Want to find out more? Read @AlboMP's speech at
The Morrison Government has no plan for the future – Labor’s prepared to take it on. #auspol
Just had a meeting with a Perth business who is manufacturing clear glass solar panels. This is cutting edge stuff, creating
That's the difference between Labor and the Coalition.  They're scared of the present and terrified of the future.  We want
Lots in today's speech, but this might be the most important.  A new partnership between unions, business and government to
Keating nails it – the Liberals need to wake up and get the economy moving again. #auspol
Want to know how Labor will face the challenges of tomorrow? Read @AlboMP's “Jobs and the Future of Work” vision statement at
The Liberals don’t understand the challenge ahead, but we’re prepared to take it on. #auspol
Today, Labor began laying down the framework that will guide the policies we take to the next election. THREAD:
At ⁦@ceda_news⁩ in Perth listening to ⁦@AlboMP⁩ outlining his vision for jobs and the future of work #auspol
About to take the stage in Perth to deliver Labor’s vision for jobs and the future of work.
The road to a low carbon future can be paved with hundreds of thousands of clean energy jobs while also protecting
You can read more about @AlboMP's upcoming future of work speech at #auspol
We want to lead a clean energy revolution that’ll deliver jobs growth right across the country – are you with us? #auspol
We can be the land of cheap and endless energy – energy that could power generations of jobs. That's Labor's vision for the
At the Uluru climb closure ceremony, with @Malarndirri19 @SenatorDodson @manwiththemo
These apprentices are doing great work at Mineral Resources in Kwinana, but they’re the lucky ones. The Morrison Government
Happy Diwali.   Today, Hindus, Jains, Sikhs and Buddhists – some of the world’s oldest religions – celebrate life’s blessings and the triumph of knowledge over ignorance and good over evil.   Labor wishes everyone celebrating across Australia a joyous celebration.
There’s a shortage of tradies in Australia. So why has Scott Morrison shortchanged TAFE and training by nearly $1 billion? #auspol
Scott Morrison shortchanged TAFE and training by nearly $1 billion and now we’ve got this. #auspol
Without Paul Keating, Australia wouldn’t be the country it is today.   Paul, thank you for all you’ve done. #auspol
This is an appalling tailor-made scandal. A forgery has clearly been made with the purpose of influencing another
It was good to join with @alboMP and other Labor colleagues to meet with faith leaders for a constructive and
Oh no. The Government’s caught out on drought again. This time admitting they’ve only spent $600 million of the $4.5
This morning I dropped into schools around my electorate to surprise local teachers for World Teachers’ Day.   To
Spot on
Have you been chased by the Government for a debt you didn’t owe? You’re not  Robodebt needs to be scrapped. #auspol
Bills pile up. Wages stay the same.  Families are barely staying afloat and this Government isn't doing a thing to help them.
Yep, you read that right. While there’s a national shortage of tradies, the Government has failed to spend almost $1 billion earmarked for TAFE and training.  By locking Australians out of education, the Liberals are locking Australians out of jobs. #auspol
Stuart Robert crows in Parliament today there's zero backlog in the #NDIS. Your experience different? Tell him he's
Unions helped expose James Hardie and won compensation for asbestos victims.  Under new laws proposed by this Government,
You can read more about this at
People with disability deserve better than this. #auspol
This week marks the one year anniversary of the national apology to victims and survivors of institutional child sexual
Media release: Leaked documents have revealed that under the Government’s watch, multiple taxpayer-owned buildings are
A new report reveals Scott Morrison has shortchanged TAFE, training, + apprenticeship programs by almost $1 billion,
Senate Estimates used to be when governments answered questions - but Scott Morrison thinks he doesn’t need to be
One yr since the apology to victims + survivors of institutional child sexual abuse.   Thinking today of all the
Peter Dutton could have been in Parliament to commemorate the National Apology to Survivors of Institutional Child Sexual
According to the Liberals, there's "no problem with press freedoms" because the media has launched an unprecendented
About to speak in Parliament marking the anniversary of the national apology to survivors and victims of institutional child
Just kicked out of Question Time for reminding the Parliament that schools in the electorate of Curtin will be $21
Who do you believe on drought funding? The Agriculture Department, or #TheLiarFromTheShire?
An arbitrary formula means communities that are being smashed by drought are missing out on the funding they need to
Another Morrison Government drought fail. Not only do they give drought funding to councils that say they don’t need it.
Breaking records – and for all the wrong reasons.
It’s been 5 years since the passing of one of Labor’s true believers, Gough Whitlam. Here are just some of his achievements. We’ll keep fighting for you, Gough. #auspol
.@gbrmarinepark Chief Scientist Dr David Wachenfeld reiterates in #estimates that the Government's own data, which
Scott Morrison’s arrogant dodging of questions is spreading through his Department - nobody is prepared to reveal the
Today's front pages are looking pretty accurate. Scott Morrison's Senate Leader @MathiasCormann refused to let officials
You can read more about this at
What is Scott Morrison waiting for? It’s time to get to work. #auspol
Department of Infrastructure officials confirmed at #estimates that @ScottMorrisonMP spent $16.9 million on
Five years ago, we lost a giant among Australians. Gough taught this country to be brave. In his memory, we always will.
Australians are struggling and Scott Morrison is doing nothing to help. #auspol
And what's Scott Morrison's plan to fix it? He doesn't have one. #auspol
It's no wonder people are having trouble paying the bills. #auspol
600 farming families have already been kicked off the Farm House Allowance – there’ll be 500 more by Christmas. #auspol
A lot of people are about to get stuck in Friday arvo traffic – and this is probably why.  The Morrison Government is doing
How much worse will it get? #auspol
If the economy was going well the Morrison Government would want to talk about it, not shut down the debate #auspol
You can read more at
Stop fighting us. Start doing your job. #auspol
The Government continues to lie about the fact that carbon emissions have risen every year since 2014. Katie Allen was
I challenged the Government to a debate about the economy.  They used their numbers in Parliament to shut it down.
It's a rare news report that brings together an IMF report &amp; a clip from The Naked Gun. But that's what it takes to
Head here to find out more about this report into the Australian job market:
How does Scott Morrison expect people to get a job if there isn’t one for them in the first place? #auspol
Scott Morrison is asleep at the wheel.  #auspol
This Government thinks the economy is strong. Who are they kidding?
While Australian farmers continue to suffer, Scott Morrison sits back and does nothing.
What’s Scott Morrison’s plan to fix this? Nothing. #auspol
Scott Morrison has admitted it – not 1 cent of his Future Drought Fund will go directly to farmers. #auspol
The PM finally admitted not 1 cent of his Future Drought Fund will go directly to our farmers. No wonder our farmers
The future is at stake - we are in a climate emergency.
The PM went on the radio to talk about the drought. Safe to say people didn't like what they heard.
This would make a world of difference to parents who have suffered an unimaginable loss.   #auspol
'Lost ability to do basic maths': Asylum seeker number bungle means 'plane people' not a record 👇👇👇 
Labor calls on Turkey to cease its military actions against Kurds in northern Syria – actions regrettably enabled by the
Today I had Eleanor from #GirlsTakeoverParliament in briefings, interviews + meetings with me - in fact, she wrote
Kids shouldn't have to wonder whether they're going to get dinner at the end of the day. More Australians are going hungry –
34 mentions of Labor. Zero mentions of poverty during Anti-Poverty Week.
With @JodiMcKayMP have announced a comprehensive review of administration of @NSWLabor by former Commonwealth Attorney
At just $40 a day for many people, the rate of Newstart is too low. Will you help us show the Government that Australians everywhere want to increase Newstart?  #auspol
Syria over the last decade has been really the great human tragedy that the world has witnessed. And the world is
“Progressives have a proposal for everything. But as we Australian Laborites learned this year, that can open you up to attack.” – @SwannyQLD  Read more at #auspol
The Liberals resisted the Banking Royal Commission for two years – now they’re dragging their feet on implementing its recommendations.   We need your help to get them to act, will you help?   #auspol
Investing in infrastructure would create jobs &amp; strengthen the economy.   That’s why good governments invest in infrastructure – that’s what Labor did in Government.   But Scott Morrison is ignoring expert advice &amp; has no real plan for our economy. #auspol
The Treasurers of three largest states agree – the Fed Govt needs to fast-track infrastructure.   NSW Lib Treasurer
3,800 people have lost their penalty rates on Brisbane's Southside.   That's a $20 million hit to our local economy.  
Thousands of hardworking members of Australia’s multicultural communities want to pledge their commitment to Australia.  But under Scott Morrison’s government they’re being forced to wait longer and longer in limbo.  That’s just not good enough. #auspol
The Grattan report reminds Australians they are paying the price for the Coalition’s pig-headed ideology on climate
If we're to better treat dementia we need to train everybody in the aged care system from the cooks and the chefs, to
The Australian economy is weak and is only getting weaker. Increasing Newstart would deliver much needed stimulus and boost jobs. Will you join our call to increase Newstart?   #auspol
Peter Dutton’s plan to privatise Australia’s visa processing system could lead to job losses and increased visa fraud. We need your help to speak up before it’s too late.   #auspol
Comments like this fly in the face of all the evidence.   Instead of stigmatising and demeaning people on Newstart, the Government should be coming up with a plan for our economy.  #auspol
Labor has consistently offered bipartisan support for any amount of funding the Government is prepared to invest in
Today’s proposal for government incentives for business to pay private health insurance is a step towards Americanising our health care system.   The government needs to rule out adopting this unrealistic scheme and commit to a full review of the private health system. #auspol
Frydenberg says he didn't read the report - Morrison says he was present during Stephen Day's report... Who do you
Every worker must be paid what they are owed – no ifs, ands or buts. #auspol
The homelessness rate for veterans is a staggering 5.3%.  This ought to be a matter for national soul-searching.   Here in a
Newstart is so low that it’s stopping people from finding work and pushing people into poverty. It’s time to increase Newstart. #auspol
Thalidomide survivors have been mistreated for 50 years.   A Senate inquiry has made 11 recommendations, but the Government has no plans to respond until late next year.   That’s not good enough.   Australia’s thalidomide survivors deserve better.  #auspol
The bloke who took this photo should have been treading water. But his boots are completely dry.   Residents in and around
BREAKING: If the Liberals were doing a good job managing the economy the #RBA wouldn’t have needed to cut interest rates
For six years the Government has dragged their heels on responding to the drought, and now this? Rural communities deserve better. #auspol
Greg Hunt’s promise to list the Flash glucose monitor on the National Diabetes Services Scheme is now seven months
Today is Oct 1 meaning Minister Hunt’s promise to list the Flash Glucose Monitor on 1 March is now a full 7 months late,
The @GuardianAus ‘s @msmarto calls out Scott Morrison’s big #drought misinformation campaign. It’s time to show some
Under the Coalition emissions have risen for four of the past five years, and are higher today than they were in
It’s yet another report that Scott Morrison is keeping secret from the public. What exactly is he trying to hide? #auspol
Increasing Newstart will help people out of poverty and into work. Will you join our campaign to increase it?   #auspol
How could this happen unchecked year after year? 
At just $40 a day for many people, the rate of Newstart is too low.   It’s so low that it stops people from finding work and pushes them into poverty.   Will you join our campaign calling on Scott Morrison to increase Newstart?  #auspol
Scott Morrison needs to stop shifting blame and dodging the truth, and start getting serious about real action on climate change. #auspol
The Prime Minister remains silent on the Drought Envoy scandal. What is clear is that he never meant for the position to
Barnaby Joyce took a $2,600 charter flight to stand with a Nationals candidate – and it was claimed as part of Joyce’s work as drought envoy.   He did not mention the drought.   #auspol
What is the Government trying to hide? #auspol
70% of the Government’s $100B Infrastructure Fund is locked up until after the next election. We need investment to
New data out today confirms it: out of pocket health costs are at record highs under the Morrison Government.
It’s no wonder 1.3 million Australians avoid accessing health care each year because of the cost. #auspol
Why is the Morrison government keeping secret an important review into refugee resettlement? This is treating the
How much longer before Scott Morrison wakes up and takes real action on climate change? #auspol
Vale former National Secretary David Combe (1943 - 2019). Your contribution to Labor will never be forgotten. 
Appointing Pauline Hanson as the Deputy Chair of a Parliamentary Committee into the Family Courts is disgusting and the
It’s National Men’s Shed Week - a celebration of the great work these organisations do for men’s health and our
Alan Tudge must think that Utopia is a fly on the wall documentary. His speech yesterday was all about spin, not
It’s places like Sidney Myer Haven which help get people back on their feet and into work. A morning of uplifting stories
With all the money Stuart Robert spends on internet bills you’d think he could’ve Googled the company before giving
Cuts to penalty rates since 2017 have left some retail, hospitality, fast food, restaurant and pharmacy workers thousands of dollars worse off.   We need your help to send a message to Scott Morrison that Australians support penalty rates.  #auspol
While the alarm bells are ringing, Scott Morrison still has no plan to tackle climate change. #auspol
Stories like Francine’s deserve to be heard.   Robodebt needs to have its legality determined in court before more innocent Australians fall victim to its flaws.  #auspol
Many Australians spend more time driving to and from work than they spend at home with their children.   The Government needs to help make things easier for families by investing more in road and rail.  #auspol
Under the Liberals, Medicare will never be safe. We need your help to protect it from Scott Morrison and the Liberals. #auspol
Getting home from work to see your kids before they go to bed – that matters.  Getting from city to city quickly matters. 
People living with a disability shouldn't be struggling with the basic things they need to live a decent life.  But when the
A huge turnout at the Ballarat Climate Strike with Trades Hall overflowing. People all around Australia are coming
So many people, young, old (and Labor colleagues), standing up to demand action on climate change #ClimateStrike
#ClimateStrike
A remarkable photo. Well done to the young Australians standing up for climate action.
What’s Happening?? This is! #ClimateStrike #climatejustice #Melbourne
Here’s a few of my favourite signs from #Canberra #ClimateStrike. If you’ve got other good ones, please tweet them at me.
It was inspiring to join thousands of students and young Australians making their voices heard for strong climate
Australians cherish and trust the ABC but Scott Morrison has made cut after cut to its funding. The ABC deserves our support, not more Liberal cuts. #auspol
Wollongong Student Climate Rally is underway.
With thousands of young (&amp; older) people at Hobart #ClimateStrike. Extraordinary turnout of people demanding action
This is a slap in the face to families across Australia struggling with the drought. They deserve better. #auspol
What Dylan said. 👇
The economy is floundering and Australians are struggling. But this is what the Liberals are doing. #auspol
The data for the month of August reveals a record high number of underemployed people at 1,167,300. #auspol
We asked the Morrison Government how much they are underspending on the NDIS in order to prop up their Budget.  
Very disappointing that this morning - on the day it emerges the Govt has ripped $4.6b from people with disability -
JUST NOW: Kids can’t get wheelchairs. Others can’t get their care plan approved, but now it is revealed that the
A senior Liberal has been caught out using his parliamentary office to fundraise for the Liberal Party. Is this really the standard Scott Morrison accepts? #auspol
BREAKING: New numbers show the Liberals’ spent $19 billion on interest on their record gross debt of $542 billion last
New numbers just released show the Liberals spent $4.6b less on the NDIS than they promised, and this is what’s behind
Senior Morrison Government ministers have been asked eight times to assure the Senate that Gladys Liu is a fit and
In the Senate during Question Time the Minister for Aged Care Richard Colbeck was asked how many home care packages had
Pauline Hanson’s comments are unacceptable. She owes survivors of domestic violence an apology. #auspol
Today I asked the PM to answer a series of questions about his Minister using taxpayer money for a Liberal party
If the Government wanted to start reforming the Family Law court they could do so today - it is too important to be
BUSTED. @AlanTudgeMP admits construction has not commenced on any projects from @ScottMorrisonMP's Urban Congestion
The Prime Minister might like to pretend he didn’t cut over $1 billion from aged care while he was Treasurer, but the
Today, I'm changing my social media profile photo to Go Gold for Childhood Cancer Awareness Month and I'm asking our
Recent bushfires near Linville and Moore in my electorate showed how serious the problem of mobile blackspots in
Is the Member for Chisholm running a “visas for vollies” program?   Are today’s reports in @theheraldsun another reason
The Olivia Newton-John Cancer Wellness &amp; Research Centre is making huge strides in cancer care and, hopefully one day, a
Stress, heartbreak, suicides. This is the trail of carnage that robodebt has wrought.   Victims of robodebt deserve their day in court – we’re right behind them.  #auspol
The system is failing. There's no human-to-human contact or interaction in the process. And it's hurting decent
It’s been over 1000 days since the Government promised to act on pay day lending. Dodgy pay day lenders continue to
Not good enough. #auspol
The Prime Minister is happy to take responsibility for calling the Royal Commission into aged care, but he refuses to
Scott Morrison calling the funding of more home care packages a ‘priority’ but with more than 100,000 older
When the budget says the government is achieving efficiencies from aged care it is a cut, despite @ScottMorrisonMP
Here is the cut to aged care that Scott Morrison has just tried to deny in #qt. From the Budget he delivered at
Robodebt is very likely illegal. Now it will have its day in court as Peter Gordon who fought Asbestos, Big Tobacco
Our landscapes are burning, our towns are running out of water and our farmers aren’t getting the assistance they
Scott Morrison could help these people by increasing Newstart, he’s just choosing not to. #auspol
Happy Tuesday everyone!   Another day and another litany of stories about @PeterDutton_MP’s incompetence in handling his
How much longer will Australians have to struggle with rising power bills before the Government sorts out their energy crisis? #auspol
PM is asked about s18c and attempts to impose discriminatory English language tests on new citizens - and has the gall
Scott Morrison praising multiculturalism in Parliament. When he was Shadow Immigration Minister he used to publicly boast
Why won’t Scott Morrison and Gladys Liu come into parliament and explain what’s going on? #auspol
Our Pacific neighbours tell us time and time again that they want Australia to show leadership on climate change. It's about
It's been eleven years since the collapse of Lehman Brothers.  Those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat
Penalty rates aren’t a luxury, they’re what help people put food on the table and petrol in the car. Why won’t Scott Morrison stand up for workers for once in his life? #auspol
Brekky with these two makes a good start to the day in Auckland #kiaora
Yesterday in Parliament I asked @GregHuntMP 3 times how many drugs have PBAC recommended be listed on the PBS that the
Scott Morrison has serious questions to answer about whether he and the Liberal Party put winning marginal seats ahead of Australia’s national security. #auspol
These stories are important to hear.  Older Australians deserve dignity, not neglect.  #auspol
Here's a clue for a Government that can't seem to get one:  No one wants to be on welfare. No one wants to struggle to
Question Time today confirmed this tired, third-term Government is stuck in a Sydney-Melbourne bubble on
In their last term in Government, the Liberals cut $3 billion from Medicare. Can you really trust Scott Morrison with Medicare?  #auspol
The shocking extent of accreditation failures and allegation of abuse at Bupa aged care facilities and at residential
Fantastic. Great move. Well done Angus.
Pensioners deserve better than this from Scott Morrison. #auspol
Me: Why has this Govt ripped $3 billion from TAFE and training, and done nothing to stop 150,000 apprentices and
Water Resources Minister David Littleproud doesn’t know if human-induced climate change is real.  Like a doctor not
Scott Morrison has made cut after cut to the ABC’s funding. We need to speak up and defend the ABC before it’s too late.  #auspol
Graham Freudenberg climbed inside the soul of @AustralianLabor to find the words that lay there. He came back with an entire
6 yrs of Liberal Party cuts to TAFE + training means Aust has a skills crisis – 150,000 fewer apprentices +
This month is Prostate Cancer Awareness Month so today I undertook a pathology test at Parliament House. This is
This evening I will be giving my first speech to the Senate.    As a fierce advocate for better quality &amp; more
81% of Australians are concerned that climate change will result in more droughts and flooding, up from 78% in 2018.
Since the Liberals came to government, Australia has lost almost 150,000 apprenticeships and traineeships.   More people should get the opportunity to learn a trade, not less – the government’s cuts to TAFE funding must stop.  #auspol
Today is World Suicide Prevention Day. 8 Australians who were with us this morning will not be with us this evening.
For many people, it’s getting harder and harder to put food on the table and make ends meet.   How much longer will Scott Morrison bury his head in the sand about what’s really going on?  #auspol
Australians don’t want to see our visa system privatised, and they especially don’t want to see Australians lose their jobs. But that’s exactly what Peter Dutton’s plan could do. #auspol
I asked @JoshFrydenberg a question today in #qt - no surprise, he didn’t have an answer.   Australia’s economy is
Prime Minister Morrison is wilfully ignoring the RBA Governor’s calls to bring forward infrastructure spending to
If the Government was serious about tackling corruption then they wouldn’t have voted against a National Integrity Commission in the Senate. But that’s exactly what they did. #auspol
The Government likes to talk about everything being a test for Labor.  Well, here's a test for them:  Ditch the political
Australians on Newstart are suffering and Scott Morrison still has no plan to do anything about it. #auspol
“Labor is united by core beliefs that go far beyond making a buck for your mates.” – @SwannyQLD #auspol
If Scott Morrison is considering dumping a nuclear reactor near your home, wouldn’t you want to know?   #auspol
We talk a lot about people’s wages not going up, but we don’t talk enough about people’s wages being stolen.   This is
Lorraine knows Nades and Priya. She knows their little girls. They call her grandma. As she said today, “They were our
In the face of the worst of this Government, the Biloela community has shown us the best of Australia.   They aren’t giving
New #nationalaccounts data shows slowest annual economic growth in a decade on the Liberals’ watch and yet still no plan
Today I’ll be travelling to Biloela to hear from the local community about why they want Nades, Priya and their beautiful two
Make no mistake, Peter Dutton could let the Biloela family stay with the stroke of a pen.   The fact that he hasn’t speaks volumes about the cruelty Dutton and Morrison are happy to allow on their watch.   #auspol
"The Liberals are natural economic managers."  Yeah, nah.
Remember when Scott Morrison promised a strong economy? #auspol
The Government is asleep at the wheel.
Peter Dutton and the Liberals want to privatise Australia’s visa processing system and thousands of jobs are at risk. We can’t let him get away with it.  #auspol
Labor built Medicare but the Liberals keep trying to tear it down.   But with your help, together we can protect Medicare for future generations.  #auspol
In their first two terms, the Liberals cut $366 million from the ABC and 800 staff lost their jobs. What’s next?   #auspol
The PM doesn't have a plan to deal with cost of living going up, living standards going down and wages going nowhere – but he
Young people are being paid $4 an hour to work at a car wash – and the Government reckons there's no problem. How out of
What Gough said. #auspol
First Australians deserve a Voice. They deserve to be heard.
Everyone knows global warming isn’t just going to go away. But this Government doesn’t have a plan to do a thing about it.   #auspol
#equalpayday is a stark reminder for the Morrison Government to do more to fix the gender pay gap with new threats to
Like Vietnam, on Climate Change Labor is on the Right Side of History – Wayne Swan
I joined @theamwu 23 years ago because this union built this country. They'll keep building it for years to come – hopefully
Under the Liberals, too many students haven’t mastered the three Rs, but Scott Morrison is doing nothing to turn
Tradies are the backbone of Australia.  But since the Liberals came to government, Australia has lost almost 150,000 apprenticeships and traineeships.  Australia needs to invest in TAFE, skills and apprenticeships before it’s too late.   #auspol
Got a mate who thinks the Liberals are natural economic managers? This is for them. #auspol
Get this: The Libs have cut research + uni funding by billions. In fact under @ScottMorrisonMP, government research
Greg Hunt has waited six months to list the latest important drugs recommended by the PBAC, and there are now more than
Perhaps the Liberals and the BCA, now they admit they’ve stuffed up the economy, could also acknowledge Labor’s world
Is there anybody this Government won’t target with their unfair and broken robodebt system? #auspol
Home Affairs fails to back up claim Medevac bill saw spike in asylum seeker self-harm cases via ⁦@abcnews⁩ 👇🏻
$22 million dollars for a detention facility on Christmas Island with no detainees. Yes Minister flashbacks anyone?
Every day begs the same question – how low will this out of touch Liberal Government go? #auspol
The weakest economic growth in a decade and $30 billion lost from Australian companies today. The economy is getting smashed
This arrogant Liberal Government is leaving people behind – and it's having devastating consequences.
The RBA Governor understands what Morrison/Frydenberg do not: that the lowest ever interest rates aren't enough on their
Institutions have a moral obligation to sign up to the National Redress Scheme. Survivors are waiting, and some
Climate &amp; energy policy became a mess after climate deniers &amp; large corporates backed by conservative media decided to put
Queensland yesterday. WA today. But my message is the same:  The Libs don’t have a plan for anything except negative
It’s been one year since Scott Morrison became Prime Minister, and people are asking themselves – are things getting better?   Wages are stagnant. Families are barely getting by.   It’s time for Scott Morrison to stop disappointing and start delivering. #auspol
Greg Hunt needs to front the media to explain:  1) Why he tried to interfere with the independent Therapeutic Goods
One year as PM. One year of cost of living going up, living standards going down and wages going nowhere.  Scott Morrison
A new report out this week confirms the Liberals' failure to ensure that all Australians are paid equally and treated fairly in the workplace.  Scott Morrison must do more to fix the gender pay gap and address the discrimination that's fuelling this gap. #auspol
Is there nothing this Government won't do for a dollar? Minister for Robodebt @stuartrobertmp must immediately rule
Greg Hunt asked the independent TGA to review a decision to ban a DIY Flu-testing product. Just so happens the Chair of
Yet another scandal for Greg Hunt to deal with. Interfering with the independent TGA for a Liberal donor is not on. It’s
Too many vulnerable Australian families are being taken advantage of by pay day lenders.   Will you join Labor’s call for the government to stop the loan sharks?  #auspol
Vale Tim Fischer, an honourable and humble man who served his country in war and in peace - Australia has lost our most
It’s simply not fair to cut the wages of some of Australia’s lowest paid workers.  Will you sign Labor’s petition to show your support for penalty rates?  #auspol
The Morrison Government must put forward a genuine reform agenda to close the gender pay gap and address the
If you’re serious about creating jobs, you don’t cut money from TAFE. But that’s exactly what Scott Morrison did.  Will you join Labor and help us fight for TAFE?  #auspol
Scott Morrison doesn’t believe in the Banking Royal Commission. He voted against it 26 times.  Now he wants to wait 15 months to implement its recommendations.  It’s not good enough. And Australians deserve better. #auspol
Peter Dutton’s plan to privatise Australia’s visa system could mean job losses, more visa fraud and data security risks.  Will you help Labor stop Dutton’s plan to sell off our visa system?   ➡ #auspol
Families are barely making ends meet and the Morrison Government is in denial about it. How many more warning signs does this out of touch Government need? #auspol
It is essential that the Deputy Prime Minister apologises for his ignorant comments about our Pacific neighbours.
The ABC is Australia’s strong, trusted and independent public broadcaster.   Will you help us protect the ABC against future attacks by the Liberals?  #auspol
More news from the UK about the terrible consequences of selling off visa services there mean we simply must
Will you help us protect Medicare from future attacks by the Liberals and Nationals?                 #auspol
Peter Dutton’s plan to privatise Australia’s visa system could lead to the loss of thousands of Australian jobs. Will you help us stop Dutton?  #auspol
44 years ago today, Gough Whitlam poured the red earth into Vincent Lingiari's hand. The Gurindji were given back their land
Congratulations to @PaulEErickson on his election as @AustralianLabor National Secretary - a proven campaigner with support
The real danger to the Australian economy isn’t so much international volatility as it is the blind prejudice of the
Will you join the call for Scott Morrison to stamp out the commercial sale of elephant ivory and rhino horn?   #auspol
On this day in 1975, Gough Whitlam returned traditional land back to the Gurindji people – pouring sand through the hand of Vincent Lingiari.   Labor is proud of our legacy of supporting the Indigenous land rights movement. #auspol
…and Scott Morrison’s government is still pretending there’s no problem. #auspol
Will you help us build a movement for a better Australia? Become a member and make a difference.  #auspol
The Liberals have presided over the slowest wages growth on record. #auspol #ausecon
The Liberals’ inaction on fixing outdated red tape has cost charities millions of dollars. Why won’t the Morrison Government work with charities, not against them? #auspol
What you say when you think people are listening is important. What you say when you think no one is listening matters even
Scott Morrison has launched the biggest attack on ABC independence in a generation.  Will you help us protect the ABC?   #auspol
Where’s the Morrison Government’s plan to deal with our weakening economy?
A shocking attack in Sydney yesterday. Thank you to the police and emergency services who responded, and the
It’s been 23 years since a Labor Member for Gilmore was elected. It takes a pretty special person to break that streak – and
The alarm bells are ringing, but is Scott Morrison listening?   He needs to produce a real plan for investing in infrastructure before it’s too late.   #auspol
Peter Dutton and the Liberals want to privatise Australia’s visa processing system, will you help us stop them?   #auspol
Infrastructure Australia’s third national audit confirms the 3rd term Morrison Government needs a real plan for
Have you fallen victim to the government’s harsh and inaccurate robodebt scheme?   Head to our website and have your story heard.   #auspol
Australians need better wages and more secure jobs, not another Liberal attack. Scott Morrison needs to immediately rule out making it easier for bosses to sack people. #auspol
The economy is clearly not working for Australians. It’s time Scott Morrison produced a genuine plan to protect jobs and stimulate the economy. #auspol
Penalty rates aren’t a luxury – they help people put food on the table. Will you stand with us to help protect the wages and conditions of Australian workers?   #auspol
When you or your loved ones are sick, the last thing you need to worry about is whether your local hospital has enough beds. Will you stand with us and tell Scott Morrison to fix our hospitals? #auspol
More than 120,000 people reliant on welfare wrongly had their payments cut in the last financial year.   It’s about time Scott Morrison stopped attacking people on welfare and started fixing the problems in his Government’s system.  #auspol
Have you fallen victim to the government’s harsh and inaccurate robodebt scheme?   If so, we want to hear your story. Head to our website and make your voice heard.   #auspol
Yet another report highlighting the Morrison Government is making Australia an international embarrassment, with its
The Liberal Party, more than ever, resembles the right wing of the US Republican Party, which is why the Labor Party is
Do we aspire to be better than ok - Prime Minister?  In a further blow to Scott Morrison’s repeated refusals to fast
If the NSW Liberal Treasurer Dominic Perrottet gets it, why doesn’t Scott Morrison?   It’s time this third term
We can’t let the Liberals ignore the Banking Royal Commission and go soft on the banks. Will you help us send Scott Morrison and the Liberals a message?   #auspol
How much more evidence does Scott Morrison need before he admits that Newstart is too low and does something about it?   #auspol
Hey Scott Morrison. If you are in Cairns for #COAG then it’s time you delivered the projects you promised and put money
My speech to the national #StillbirthForum here. Not a particularly easy speech to give, but important in raising
Australian kids deserve the world’s best teaching – not the Liberals’ cuts. Will you tell the Liberals that our kids deserve better?  #auspol
Every four hours, an Australian family  deals with the tragedy of stillbirth. The rates have remained stubbornly high for
The Liberals tried to bury this independent report into their new child care system and it’s easy to see why.   It’s time the Liberals cut the spin and delivered a quality and affordable system for all Australian families. #auspol
We need to protect Medicare for future generations. Will you help us keep Medicare safe?   #auspol
The PM loves to say that if you have a go, you'll get a go. Tell that to Ricci – forced onto Newstart at 62, too young to
Australians with diabetes deserve their choice of affordable technology to manage their illness, but that’s exactly what Greg Hunt is denying them.  It’s just another way that the Morrison government is neglecting Australia’s healthcare system. #auspol
Slowest economic growth for ten years, stagnant wages, high household debt, living standards in decline and *this* is the
Can you help us campaign for a fairer, more equal Australia by becoming a Labor member? #auspol
In Riverstone with @MRowlandMP to hear from small businesses and community groups. With congestion and cost of living out of
Will you help us send a message to Peter Dutton that we don't want him to privatise Australia's visa processing system?  #auspol
Under Scott Morrison, Medicare will never be safe. It’s up to us to protect Medicare for the future generations of Australia. Will you pledge your support for Medicare? #auspol
G’day from Cairns.
All Scott Morrison is doing is pouring money down the drain while avoiding real action on climate change.  #auspol
We need your help to create a more progressive Australia, will you become a member and help make that happen?   #auspol
As Malcolm Turnbull said, the ERF was never anything but a fiscally irresponsible fig leaf designed to cover a
Under Scott Morrison, Australia has the slowest economic growth since the Global Financial Crisis. That’s a fact.   #auspol
I hope the Government supports this. Survivors are waiting too long for #redress ⁦@CLAN_AU⁩ 
When multinationals don’t pay their fair share, it’s the small business owners, tradies, hospo workers, teachers and
This government is not serious about integrity or tackling corruption. If they were, they would establish a National
Why won’t Greg Hunt be honest and explain why the Government gave an MRI licence to the Vice President of the South Australian Liberal Party? #auspol
We can’t trust Scott Morrison and the Liberals to keep the banks honest – after all, they voted against the Banking Royal Commission 26 times.  Will you stand with Labor and tell the Liberals not to go soft on the banks?  #auspol
Ignore the Liberals’ spin, it’s a fact that the economy is growing at its slowest rate in ten years on their watch
The Prime Minister couldn't answer a simple question about Newstart, so I'll answer it for him:  Of course he couldn't live
Peter Dutton and the Liberals want to privatise Australia’s visa processing system. This could lead to the loss of thousands of Australian jobs. Will you stand with Labor against Dutton’s plan? #auspol
Another report showing climate change is the greatest threat to health in the 21st century. Yet Scott Morrison and
The Government shows no signs of scrapping their seriously malfunctioning Robodebt system, instead they’re ramping it up.   Time’s up for this harsh and inaccurate system. Robodebt needs to be scrapped.  #auspol #robodebt
Good morning!  It’s Wednesday and there’s a lot of news around in the Home Affairs portfolio.  A thread titled
Peter Dutton needs to come clean and explain what his own department found out about the leaks.   Does Dutton have confidence the documents weren’t leaked by his department or his office?  #auspol
Did @GregHuntMP award Sound Radiology a Medicare MRI license because it’s run by the Vice President of the SA Liberal
The Government’s robodebt scheme is inaccurate, harsh and unfair. The Government can’t keep ignoring the massive problems at the heart of this scheme. Australians deserve better. #auspol #robodebt
#HILDA shows Australians are going backwards under Liberals. When the economy is floundering, and wages and living
Why did @GregHuntMP award Sound Radiology a Medicare MRI license when it operates within five kilometres of 9 others? And
New FOI documents have revealed that only @PeterDutton_MP and ten other people had access to classified advice that was
New data shows Australians going backwards under the Liberals. Economy is floundering, middle Australia is struggling, &amp;
Since the Liberals came to government, Australia has lost almost 150,000 apprenticeships and traineeships.  We need to protect funding for TAFE, skills and apprenticeships. Will you help us to fight for TAFE?   #auspol
Newstart is too low. It's a point we've been making very clearly. Every working person around this country will be
Enough is enough. How many more stories of human heartache must the Government hear before they scrap Robodebt? #auspol #robodebt
The shocking revelations on @abc730 clearly show that the Government’s #robodebt scheme is so seriously malfunctioning it must be scrapped. #auspol #abc730 
It was revealed by @AmyRemeikis at the @GuardianAus that @PeterDutton_MP was refusing to release the $7 million "strategic
This is why we in Labor say: #ScrapRobodebt 
How does Scott Morrison expect people to live and get a job on $40 a day?   The Government needs to increase Newstart – it’s that simple.   #auspol
My column in @australian about getting super to 12 percent: “When the adequacy of retirement incomes is a pressing
That's the problem with this Government. They define themselves by what they're against. And on every issue – from wages and
In their first two terms, the Liberals cut SBS funding by $53.7 million – after promising no cuts.  Will you stand up for the SBS against the Liberals’ attacks?  #auspol
Former Labor speechwriter Graham Freudenberg passed away this week. He was one of Labor’s true believers, having served numerous Labor leaders including Hawke and Whitlam. Vale Graham.
It’s clear to everyone except Scott Morrison that Newstart is too low.   Raising Newstart will deliver relief from poverty, help people find work, boost the economy and create jobs.   Newstart needs to increase, it’s that simple. #auspol
The Labor Party was built on speeches. For those of us in the Labor family, there was never any question as to who the master
Graham Freudenberg wrote more than 1000 speeches, for Labor leaders from Calwell to Carr. He turned great political prose
Each year, hundreds of young Australians are at risk of forced marriage.  Something needs to change.   Will you join our campaign calling on the Morrison government to end forced marriage?  #auspol
Goodbye Freudy. One of the last Labor legends passes from the stage. It was an honour just to work in your presence
Graham Freudenberg didn’t seek the limelight. But he was as important to Labor as any leader. He gave voice to our cause
Very sad to hear about the passing of Graham Freudenberg. What a remarkable life he led and a great legacy he left
Scott Morrison has placed every part of Australia’s superannuation system under his conservative microscope. What will he do to your retirement savings?   You can’t trust the Liberals with super, they’ve always tried to undermine it.   #auspol
You can be strong on borders without being weak on humanity.
Peter Dutton wants to sell off Australia’s visa processing to the highest bidder. We have to stop him.
Cuts to penalty rates since 2017 have left retail, hospitality, fast food, restaurant and pharmacy workers thousands of dollars worst off.   Will you stand with Labor and tell Scott Morrison to protect penalty rates?   #auspol
Well this just isn’t good enough. Federal Minister  denies #robodebt is happening in Townsville despite department
Election win not a mandate for idiocy on superannuation #auspol
Another day, another Liberal attack on your superannuation.   This time they’re saying that low income earners don’t deserve superannuation.   You can’t trust the Liberals with your superannuation, they’ve always tried to undermine it.  #auspol
Liberals hopelessly divided on super. Cormann &amp; Frydenberg both now committed to legislated increase in SG to 12%. Their
Under Craig Kelly’s plan, older Australians would be forced to choose between owning a home and accessing a pension.   It’s just another attack on the age pension from an out-of-touch Liberal.  #auspol
Except he hasn’t. @SenatorWong reveals Taylor has not declared interest in Jam Land Pty Ltd, a company under
Ladies, check your breasts.
Minister Porter asked about wage theft complaints to FWO not investigated. He says he doesn’t know but doesn’t offer to
This is great news for veterans concerned about having taken mefloquine or tafenoquine.  I’m pleased the Government
New Member for Dunkley @petajan tackled the very personal topic of cancer in her first speech, after learning that her
The Liberals have tried to undermine superannuation at every turn, and this is more of the same. Only Labor will protect your super. #auspol
Liberals now pushing for the family home to be included in the pension asset test. They want to push even more retirees
Will bow to Speaker, will not eat her crusts. Thankyou @mpbowers for capturing some of the most well behaved minutes of
What an amazing first speech from @petajan - an extraordinary person. Her strength is something to behold, and her
I’m giving my First Speech in the Senate tonight, and putting on the record my commitment to the people of Victoria.
The Prime Minister must rule out including the family home in the age pension assets test which would kick people off
Will you help Labor build a movement for a better Australia? Become a member and help make a difference.  #auspol
After six years of failure on energy policy, now the Coalition appears to be putting nuclear back on the table.  They need to be clear about what exactly their plans are for nuclear power in Australia. Australians deserve to know.  #auspol
Australians deserve to know exactly where the Morrison Government would build nuclear power plants under the
We can’t trust Scott Morrison and the Liberals with Medicare – it’s just too important to put at risk.  Will you stand with Labor and help us protect Medicare?   #auspol
The white anting of Medicare by private health and the Liberals to Americanise our health system never stops. And it’s
There are serious questions to be answered here.  This is a test of integrity for Scott Morrison, and his lack of action is speaking volumes.   The Australian people will be watching and we will hold Scott Morrison to account.   #auspol
Across Australia, people are finding it harder and harder to make ends meet.  The government needs to bring forward vital investment in infrastructure to boost economic activity and create jobs.   #auspol
Extraordinary #qt answer from the DPM on infrastructure. Can’t explain to @CatherineKingMP his total failure to support
Welcoming PNG Prime Minister James Marape in his first official visit to Australia alongside @AlboMP and
Here we go again: the Liberals are clearly gearing up for another attack on the retirement incomes of Australian workers
The Banking Royal Commission uncovered unconscionable, dishonest and potentially criminal behaviour in the banking and financial services sector. Will you stand with Labor and tell the Liberals not to go soft on the banks? #auspol
Scott Morrison has voted in support of penalty rate cuts eight times. Will you stand with Labor to support the wages and conditions of Australian workers? #auspol
Labor will always fight for Medicare. Will you stand with Labor against future attacks against Medicare from Scott Morrison and the Liberals?  #auspol
Terrific turnout for a Saturday morning at Annandale Branch of ⁦@AustralianLabor⁩ #TrueBelievers
Thousands of jobs are at risk because of Peter Dutton. The Morrison Government must stop its plan to privatise Australia’s visa system, immediately. #auspol
Will you stand with Labor and tell the Morrison Liberal Government to properly fund Australian preschools?   #auspol
Australia is in the middle of a national emergency: the worst drought in living memory. Something has to be done. It’s time for solutions, not just arguments.   #auspol
Do you want to stay updated on Labor’s campaigns? Sign up now for free email updates. #auspol
.@petajan is one of the most impressive people in politics. Her first battle with cancer led her to run for Parliament – and
The Liberals’ school cuts mean our children are missing out – fewer teachers, less one-on-one attention, and less help with the basics like reading, writing, and maths.  Will you stand with Labor for fairer funding for our schools?  #auspol
Will you stand with Labor and send a clear message of support for the ABC &amp; SBS? #auspol
Pensioners do it tough.   They deserve our respect, they get a pension as payback for what they have done in contributing to our nation.   This is just another example of how out of touch this government is about the real issues facing Australians. #auspol
Will you help Labor build an inclusive Australia where the most vulnerable are looked after? Become a member today and help make that happen.  #auspol
Peter Dutton may be in charge of our law-enforcement and security agencies, but he is not above the law.  #auspol
If journalism is not a crime in Australia, why is the Morrison Government treating journalists like criminal suspects?  #auspol
Do you want to help build a movement for a better Australia?   Become a Labor member and help make that happen. #auspol
Too many labour hire workers are being treated like second class citizens, with lower wages, worse conditions, and no job security.  Will you stand with Labor and call for the scourge of unfair labour hire practices to end?  #auspol
Freedom of the press is at the core of our democratic society.   Weeks ago the Govt dismissed the idea these journalists were being investigated.   The Govt needs to start showing leadership &amp; protect the freedom of the press Australians expect. #auspol
Australians know that there’s a problem with Australia’s economy.   They’re worried about their wages and how they’re going to pay their bills.   How long will this government keep pretending there’s no problem? #auspol
I love supporting the work of AIME because their mission is clear: end educational inequality.   AIME mentors build
You need to watch this clip.  So @PeterDutton_MP... why aren’t the police still investigating the leak of classified ASIO
This NAIDOC week, let’s not airbrush Treaty out of 'Voice. Treaty. Truth'.  My opinion piece in Fairfax today: 
When will the Government wake up to the mess they’ve made for pensioners? #auspol
Is this guy for real? #auspol
This is level of outsourcing is extreme, unnecessary and comes at the expense of services for pensioners and vulnerable Australians. #auspol
Telephone scams aren’t just a nuisance, they are harmful and on the rise. 🔇☎️  Read my opinion piece below on tackling
Will you help us fight for a fairer Australia by joining Labor? Just head to to begin. #auspol
We need your help to protect Labor’s vital progressive achievements. Labor’s National President @SwannyQLD explains why. #auspol
There are more people sleeping rough in Australia today than ever before.  Rather than wanting to put a “positive spin” on homelessness, the Government needs to take real action to address it.  #auspol
Will you stand with Labor and send a message of support for the ABC by signing our petition? #auspol
If the Morrison Government doesn’t know where or how taxpayer dollars are being spent as part of the Murray Darling Basin Plan, then they’ve failed Australian farmers, communities and our environment. #auspol
Following @4corners the Morrison government needs to satisfy the public that its multi-million dollar payments to big
There are serious questions to answer and the Government needs to start talking. #auspol
Scott Morrison has been deliberately short-changing pensioners for years. He needs to reduce the deeming rate and be honest about how much pensioners are losing out under his government. #auspol
It’s #NAIDOCWeek2019 an important fixture on our national calendar, which provides Indigenous and non-Indigenous
It’s time Scott Morrison was honest about how much he’s taken out of pensioners’ pockets by keeping deeming rates
This week was the first week back for the 46th Parliament. @Tony_Burke explains the 5 best and 5 worst things that happened in Parliament this week. #auspol
Do you want to see a fairer and more inclusive Australia? Join Labor and help us build a movement for a better Australia. #auspol
.@theTiser reporting that a funding shortfall resulted in 51% of calls to @KidsHelplineAU in the first 6 months of
The Liberals tried to stop the Banking Royal Commission from happening. Will you sign our petition and tell them not to go soft on the banks? #auspol
The Liberals are holding hostage tax cuts for every worker this week to expensive tax cuts five years away, which won’t
The economy has deteriorated on the Coalition’s watch and it has no plan to lift wages or protect jobs #auspol
This is the Morrison Government voting AGAINST a new Parliamentary Joint Select Committee into into the Public’s Right to
The Morrison Government's response on press freedoms is inadequate. They have failed this test of leadership on the
Labor believes that Australian kids deserve the world’s best teaching – not the Liberals’ cuts. Will you sign our petition and tell the Liberals that our schools deserve better?  #auspol
Tax cuts, interest rates and the economy. My interview with @mjrowland68 on @BreakfastNews #auspol #ausecon
The Liberals delivered $5.1b less for infrastructure than they promised over their first 5 budgets - and they have
Australian women will today retire with 45 per cent less superannuation than men.   About 40 per cent of older single women live in poverty and endure poor economic security in retirement.   More needs to be done to improve this shocking situation. #auspol
Today the Australian Parliament took the time to pause and reflect on the vibrant legacy left by former Prime Minister Bob Hawke.   Our party and our movement remembers our great fallen chief. #auspol
Bob Hawke was bold and brave.   His reforms were controversial, difficult + hard-fought, and they changed everything
Paying tribute to the late Bob Hawke during today’s condolence motion in Parliament. #auspol
This morning the Parliament remembers this great man. We'll miss you Bob. May you rest in peace. #bobhawke #auspol
Hawke’s presence is everywhere you look at Parliament- appropriate as we remember him today in the Senate. His
Bob Hawke was generously  interested in me &amp; those around me about our lives and our story and before long we were
It was an honour to pay tribute to Bob Hawke in Parliament today and to share some of my favourite memories of
Today the Australian Parliament is offering their condolences to former Prime Minister Bob Hawke. Will you leave a message of condolence too? #auspol
If you’re serious about jobs, you don’t cut money from TAFE.   Will you stand with Labor and tell the government that their cuts to TAFE funding must stop?   #auspol
Would it shock you to hear that Scott Morrison’s campaign ally Clive Palmer has STILL not paid his workers?
It’s been one year since the Liberals’ unfair child care system was introduced, and what a year it has been. #auspol
46th Parliament of Australia. Swearing in Ceremony. I look forward to standing up for Tasmania for six years more in
Officially sworn in as the Member for Sydney in the 46th Parliament.   Always a privilege to represent my community
MEDIA RELEASE: Rate cut bolsters case for Labor tax changes #auspol #ausecon
Proud to be sworn in to the 46th Parliament alongside my Labor colleagues Ed Husic, @NickChampionMP, @JulianHillMP,
Today I was honoured to be sworn into the 46th Parliament as the Member for Moreton. A big thanks to people giving
Sworn into @AuSenate for the 46th Parliament today, alongside my Victorian colleagues @JessWalshVic, @janet_rice,
A short time ago I was sworn in as the Federal Member for Oxley in the 46th Parliament. I swore my Oath on a Vietnamese
Sworn in! Lucky enough to have @SenatorWong beside me in the @AuSenate as I signed on the dotted line. I'm looking
Today I was sworn in as the first new Member for Lilley since 1996. Thank you to my constituents for this privilege;
One year on from the Morrison Government’s unfair child care package and child care fees are just going up and up.   Will you stand with us and share your story about what Morrison’s unfair child care package means for your family? #auspol
The @australian reports today that Australian cybersecurity policy is in ‘chaos’.  Why?   A thread...
This latest 10 to 15 per cent pay cut means many workers will lose thousands of dollars from their pay packets this financial year. Australia deserves better. #auspol
The Liberals are happy to stand by as workers cop a third pay cut in as many years. It’s just not good enough. #auspol
Hundreds of thousands of Australian workers will have their penalty rates cut again today because Scott Morrison refuses to reverse this unfair decision. #auspol
We need your help to build a movement for a better Australia. Will you sign up to become a Labor member? #auspol
The Liberal National government’s robo-debt system has been botched from the start.   They know it’s unfair and wrong. They need to fix this system before even more Australians bear the brunt of its costly mistakes.  #auspol
“The Coalition Government has shown contempt for FOI in the past six years – it’s time for this to change.” – @markdreyfusQCMP    #auspol
The Auditor General has criticised the Goverment for failing to provide evidence of ongoing analysis to assess whether
Want to stay updated on our campaigns and how you can help build our movement for a better Australia? Sign up for email updates now. #auspol
As excited as a Preppie on their first day at school. In foggy Canberra with all the other first-time Senators,
Labor will always keep striving for that light on the hill – it’s what drives us. #auspol
Will you help us build a movement for a better Australia by becoming a Labor member? #auspol
What exactly did Scott Morrison have to do with the dumping of Malcolm Turnbull? #auspol
"What we are getting is below average growth from a below average Government." #auspol #ausecon
My speech at the @PressClubAust here: #auspol #ausecon
The Government needs to stop playing politics and start taking action to fix the Australian economy. #auspol
Thanks Paul from Proserpine in North QLD for the great chat on the road trip with ⁦@AnthonyChisholm⁩ and for being part
⁦@JEChalmers⁩ kicks off his #NPC speech talking about listening to Queenslanders last week in a 2800k road trip. The main
Have you left a message of condolence for former Prime Minister Bob Hawke? Submit yours now to have it included in our condolence book. #auspol
With Peter Dutton so regularly crying wolf, what will happen when we face a serious risk to our national security? #auspol
Australians have conflict fatigue. They want outcomes, not arguments.   That’s why Labor will play a constructive role and put the health of our economy ahead of politics. #auspol
Labor wants to fast track tax cuts to get more money into the hands of Australians &amp; stimulate the national economy.   Our solution will bring forward tax cuts &amp; infrastructure investment to boost the floundering Australian economy.    #auspol
MEDIA RELEASE: Labor proposes fast-tracked tax cuts and infrastructure investment to boost economy #auspol #ausecon
@JoshFrydenberg @fitzhunter Earth to Josh - you won an election in 2019 not 2024 - and the economy is slowing right now on
The Liberal Government promised that their childcare changes would put downward pressure on costs. But now we know that one in ten childcare centres are charging more than the Government’s hourly rate cap. #auspol
After six years of the Liberals gutting TAFE and unis, this is what happens.  We should have Australians trained and
Refusing to adjust the deeming rates is hurting pensioners. How does the Government expect anyone to find a bank
Shadow Treasurer of Australia, @JEChalmers, will Address the #NPC this Tuesday 25 June, on 'The Election, the Economy,
The Medevac Bill is working as intended and people are receiving the healthcare that they need.  You can have strong borders
Wrapping up our regional Queensland road trip and listening tour today. Thanks Maryborough, Mt Larcom, Rocky, Mackay,
Today’s shocking allegations of misconduct against senior Government Ministers are an indictment on the Morrison Government.   Angus Taylor and Josh Frydenberg need to explain to Australians exactly what has happened. #auspol
Positive dialogue with the #TopEnd business community last night as the #sunset over Darwin Harbour #TellingItStraight
What is Josh Frydenberg hiding from Australians? 
Start of Day 2 of a 2,800km listening tour of regional Qld with Senator @AnthonyChisholm. Thanks Maryborough and Rocky
Interviewed by @MattCunningham on @SkyNewsAust from Darwin
The Liberals are more interested in a fight with Labor than they are in getting tax relief into the hands of working people and flowing into an economy that needs it.
A video of #BobHawke speaking about #climatechange with his granddaughter, Sophie Taylor-Price when she was 4 years old.
"What matters is the value of the legacy, its quality and its endurance. On both counts, Bob Hawke well earned five-star
"At the core of it, Bob and I shared one primary idea, that Australia's creativity had been locked down by a stultifyingly
.@DrCraigEmerson reads a tribute from Sir Sonny Ramfile."Sonny's tribute begins with a quote. The quote is "I want you to
"A million words could be written and a million more spoken about Bob Hawke, such is the breadth of his achievement,"
The Sydney Philarmonia Choir performs Hallelujah, with a video of #BobHawke conducting the choir for his 80th birthday.
"#BobHawke showed us how good democratic government can be. Amidst the daunting contemporary realities, his life as Prime
"He would open Australia to the rest of the world and he would do something for women and make her place better in this
"Bob didn't take a step back. He didn't take two steps back, but he took two steps forward. It wasn't for a cheap political
"Hawke said that we should be the "clever country", built on our brains and knowledge. One of his proudest achievements was
"So we have good reason in our grief to celebrate the magnificent, rambunctious human being who has left us. I am so
Sue Pieters-Hawke recalls memories of her father #BobHawke, "I remember tramping the fields with him holding my hand as we
Today, I had the honour and privilege of delivering the Acknowledgement of Country at Bob Hawke's memorial service.
"He believed he would live in the hearts or at least the minds of those who knew him. Then when we all pass, in the history
"It pinned the Prime Minister to the bulkhead, then it retreated and then  it came back harder as momentum gathered. "F
"He was ambitious though not just for himself, he was ambitious for our nation. Bob was Labor to the core of his being, but
.@AlboMP: If ever there was a man who could appeal to our better angels, it was Bob. Do you know why I have credibility he
Labor MP @LindaBurneyMP delivers the opening remarks for #BobHawke's memorial service. #auspol
Bob’s intensity, passion and love for Australia and Australians will never be forgotten #auspol #ausvotes19 #politas
Honoured to be able to pay tribute and speak today at the funeral of Ipswich local @QLDLabor member Maurie Murtagh:
Today we say goodbye to our favourite son and celebrate an extraordinary life. May he rest in eternal peace.
Saying farewell to a legend today.  Thanks for everything Bob.
Today our nation will say goodbye and thank you to a giant of Australian politics. Bob Hawke was a visionary and a
Bob Hawke launched my first campaign in 2010, and it’s a privilege to be going to the State Memorial Service today to
Thank you Bob Hawke.
Last night @leighsales closed with a question about aspiration.  To the LNP, aspiration is about the individual.  To
The economy is floundering, wages are stagnant, and we’re still in a per capita recession - but the government still
Taking calls in the ⁦@abcperth⁩ studio this morning 🎙#TellingItStraight #listening tour
My piece in the @australian today: our economy is floundering, middle Australia is struggling and the Morrison Government
Was good to catch up last night with @MarkMcGowanMP - never met a stronger or more passionate advocate for the interests of #WA
Heading to my next interview after a press conference with @KKeneally @JasonClareMP and @SamPCrosby - the message being that
1. Labor did not refer the matter to the AFP, nor ask the government to do so. 2. As is clear from the letter, my
I reckon anyone with any interest in Australia’s politics, or our democracy, should have a close read of this thread -
ICYMI – What Scott Morrison’s weak economic figures mean for your pay. #auspol
Under Scott Morrison, GDP growth is at it’s lowest in 27 years. And his government doesn’t have a plan for growth. #auspol
Labor supports the freedom of the press. We support the right of journalists to do their job. #auspol
Proud to be declared elected as the Member for Grayndler this morning #InnerWest
.@AlboMP on the AFP media raids: Australians have a right to know what's going on in a democracy and that is the role of
.@AlboMP: Freedom of the press is fundamental to democracy, and @PeterDutton_MP and @ScottMorrisonMP need to say what
.@AlboMP: The @RBAInfo's interest rate cut shows the lack of confidence in this government's management of the economy.
Angus Taylor tried to hide this information from Australians. Under Scott Morrison and the Liberals, carbon emissions and power prices keep rising. #auspol  
There's plenty of finger pointing from the Coalition when it comes to the economy, but they won't lift a finger to help
Not a surprise - carbon emissions continue to rise under the Liberals. #auspol
Under the Liberals the economy is floundering and Australians are struggling. #auspol
New figures show that greenhouse gas emissions continue to rise under the Liberals In response,
If you don't have a plan for education, you don't have a plan for growth. The collapse in apprenticeships &amp; traineeships
Congratulations. A welcome announcement.
75 years ago in 1944, what was one of the most significant events of the Second World War took place on the beaches
Next month, I'll be running the @GCMarathon to raise money for @deek207's @IndigMaraProjct. Will you sponsor me? Any
Eid Mubarak to you, your family and friends.
Media freedom is at the core of our democratic society.  Minister Dutton must explain what he knew about these two raids –
Peter Dutton needs to front cameras today and explain why these raids on journalists homes and the ABC studios are
My chat with @mjrowland68 on ABC @BreakfastNews this morning about interest rates, the economy and my prediction for
Have been briefed by @fanniebay and @lukejgosling on the horrific violent crime which has shocked Darwin - along with all
Good turnout tonight at Andergrove Tavern in Mackay to receive feedback on #TellingItStraight listening tour
Proud to Chair the first meeting of new ⁦@AustralianLabor⁩ Shadow Ministry in Brisbane- now headed to Mackay on the next leg
It hasn’t even been a month since the election and already Scott Morrison has broken a key election promise. #auspol
This shows Morrison never intended to keep his promise on tax cuts. He has some serious explaining to do.
This is why @ScottMorrisonMP can’t take up my offer of a return to Parliament in June to pass the tax cuts promised for July
Congratulations to my friend @stemplemanmp on winning #Macquarie - a smart, talented, hard working MP who will play an
The #ATM Government is getting stale.   Their third term is like a three-day-old chicken still sitting in your local
Labor’s new frontbench has the talent and experience to hold the Morrison government to account. #auspol
Honoured to be appointed as Shadow Minister for Northern Australia, Natural Disaster &amp; Emergency Management.  1st time a
An honour to be elected @AustralianLabor Deputy Whip in the Senate with Chief Whip @AUSenator &amp; to work closely with
Honoured to be appointed as Labor’s Shadow Assistant Treasurer and Shadow Minister for Financial Services.   Ensuring
I’m honoured to continue the role of Shadow Climate Change and Energy Minister under @AlboMP. I know the huge
It is an honour and a privilege to be appointed the Shadow Minister for Veterans’ Affairs and Defence Personnel.   I
Honoured to be appointed Shadow Minister for International Development &amp; the Pacific, Shadow Minister Assisting for
Am looking forward to working with the Twitter army of True Believers in holding this government to account as @AlboMP's
Really happy with today’s announcement from @AlboMP . I’ll be on the frontline of defending people’s pay and conditions
Honoured to be re-appointed Shadow Attorney-General, and excited to be appointed to the new position of Shadow
Really excited &amp; honoured to be appointed Assistant Shadow Minister working with @StephenJonesMP in financial
I welcome my appointment as Shadow Minister for Agriculture and Resources and am thankful for the opportunity. I know the
1/3 A thread.  I’m tremendously honoured to be appointed to serve as Labor Shadow Minister for Trade in Anthony
An honour to be appointed Shadow Assistant Minister for the Environment - very much looking forward to working with
Honoured to remain part of Labor’s Shadow Cabinet and continue in the portfolio of earl Ed &amp; Dev and to be appointed
I am honoured to be part of @AlboMP frontbench as Assistant Shadow Minister for Tasmania, Infrastructure and Regional
I am honoured to be appointed as Shadow Assistant Minister for Communications and Shadow Assistant Minister for
So delighted to be given responsibility for Innovation, Technology and the Future of Work in Labor Leader @AlboMP’s
Honoured to be reappointed as Labor’s spokesperson for Foreign Affairs. In a time of disruption in international
Delighted to be appointed Shadow Minister for Education and Training. Excited to now have responsibility for TAFE +
I'm honoured to serve as Deputy Leader of @AustralianLabor and continue the role of Shadow Minister for Defence
I was honoured to have been elected by my colleagues to the Federal Labor front bench and am excited to be taking on the
I thank @AlboMP for appointing me to the roles of Shadow Assistant Minister for Reconciliation and Shadow Assistant
I’m very pleased to have been appointed Shadow Minister for the National Disability Insurance Scheme and Shadow
I am honoured to be continuing in Labor’s Shadow Cabinet as the Shadow Minister for Ageing &amp; Seniors and to be
Thrilled to be appointed as Shadow Assistant Minister for Skills and Aged Care. Both such important areas for our
I am absolutely delighted to be appointed Shadow Minister for Infrastructure, Transport and Regional Development. I
Congratulations to the new Senate leadership group, @KKeneally as Deputy, @SenKatyG as Manager, and @kimbakit as Deputy
Thanks for the congrats Greg. But a little hint: it’s best to delete the “what about” before cutting and pasting a tweet
Scott Morrison struggled to find people to fill his Cabinet.  Our team has the talent and experience to hold the Government
Big turnout at Launceston for the #TellingItStraight listening meeting - thanks to all those who shared their views
The Coalition have already broken a commitment made to Australians by not putting through the first lot of tax cuts that were
The LNP in QLD is in the pocket of some of the most profitable mining companies in the world &amp; they don’t think those
Now we start work on building the best possible case for people to choose an Albanese Labor Government at the next
Congratulating the new Deputy Leader of @AustralianLabor with a snow globe of Parliament House.
Meet the new @AustralianLabor Leadership Team with @RichardMarlesMP, @SenatorWong and @KKeneally.
I am honoured to be officially endorsed as the 21st Leader of @AustralianLabor. I think Australia is already a great country.
First press conference of the day #done. 📸
Scott Morrison doesn’t have policy, he has a slogan.
Thank you once again for the honour of representing our community and the opportunity to keep fighting for the best
‘As Leader-elect of the Australian Labor Party I understand the responsibility that I have been given, not just to the party, and its supporters, but to our nation. I pledge to always remember that we are here to serve all Australians.’ - @AlboMP #auspol
As Leader-elect of @AustralianLabor I understand the responsibility that I have been given, not just to the party, and its
Anthony Albanese is speaking for the first time after being elected Labor leader #auspol
Honoured to be elected 21st Leader of @AustralianLabor. Thank you to members of caucus, rank and file members and affiliates
Medicare. The NDIS. The Racial Discrimination Act. Universal paid parental leave.  Over the decades, Labor has always strived to deliver a fairer Australia and we always will.  #auspol
Labor needs your help to deliver a fairer Australia.  Will you sign up to receive email updates?    #auspol
Join Labor today! #auspol
The polls in the Eastern states have closed, and the others are close behind.   Thank you to all of our incredible volunteers and campaigners, but especially to everyone who has voted today for a fair go for all Australians.
Showing the kids how democracy works - they have a while to wait until their 18! #auspol
One final push. To stop the cuts, end the chaos and deliver change, vote Labor.
What do you do with a how to vote when you’re too young to vote? Paper plane! #auspol #ausvotes
The team at Dulwich Hill Salvation Army Hall
Tonight I’m gonna make a toast to the Labor legend Bob Hawke and all our fantastic Labor volunteers in Gorton
#DemocracySausage number 1 - at Harvest Home Primary. Followed by those from the Epping North Scouts and the wonderful
More #auseats than #democracysausage 🍪 #auspol #ausvotes 📷: @Gordon_R_Ramsay
Voting for change. Voting to end the chaos and to stop the cuts.
At Kegworth Public School they have not only a sausage sizzle they have a great book stall (Don’t tell ⁦@TonyAbbottMHR⁩)
Voting for change today. For a better future for our children and grand children. A vote for Labor is a vote for a fairer
With ⁦#AnnandalePublicSchool ⁩ p and c executive - great #fundraiser today
A great day at Maroubra Junction Public School. A perfect time to change the government. Vote @AustralianLabor.
Showing the kids how people can vote 1 for Dad! #auspol
At Leichhardt Town Hall #VoteLabor
Think my campaign has the posters covered #Election2019
Vote to change the government. Vote Labor. #ausvotes #auspol
This is out and out disgusting. The Liberals have run a campaign of fear and division. They should be ashamed that this is
.@JennyMikakos you are a dream. And Sian is a Wonder Woman too. #AusVotes2019
Election Day is here. I’m voting for better schools and hospitals, decent wages and secure jobs. #auspol #DoitforBob
A beautiful day to change the government!
Practice makes perfect #ausvotes
I’ve voted, have you? Vote Labor for a fair go in Bendigo. #ausvotes
At Balmain High School #AllPoliticsisLocal #InnerWest
Generations of McCartneys have worked their hearts out for @AustralianLabor. Today they’re here for @alifrance5 and to
I voted. For better schools. For pensioner dental care and cancer care. For action on climate change. For fairness.
Can't do this without the Labor team.  Thanks fellas. #auspol
#DemocracySausage with the wonderful Nadia Clancy. Labor for Boothby. Vote for change. #AUSVote19
Jack’s 1st Election
Thanks Jack 🤣🤣
One of the best #democracysausage BBQs in #Bendigo today. Big Shout Out Strathfieldsaye Scouts #ausvotes
The polls are well and truly open! I’m out in Evatt with some of our amazing Labor volunteers #auspol #ausvotes
At Sandgate today supporting @AnikaWells with @CrJaredCassidy   Only Labor is ready to deliver real action on climate
It's written in the stars.
Voting is now open across Australia! Head to to see where your nearest polling booth is.  Make your vote count this election – vote Labor.
Time for change. Let’s do this!
A Bill Shorten Labor Government will fight for a fair go for all Australians. We need a real voice for everyday Australians.    If you want real change – vote Labor. #auspol
Here’s why you should vote Labor this Saturday, 18 May.
Let's end the chaos. Let’s vote for change. Let’s win this.
Thank you to all our volunteers, let’s make history together tomorrow.
We need real change – because more of the same isn’t good enough.   If you want a fair go for all Australians - vote Labor.
Toasting Bob’s memory at one of his favourite watering holes. Cheers 🍻
In Feb 1984, Bob Hawke announced Medicare, Australia's enduring, affordable, universal system of healthcare. A transformative policy that's improved the health and lives of millions of Australia with an essential service. He will be missed. #auspol
Thanks Bob.
The Labor Party gives thanks for the life of our longest-serving Prime Minister and we honour him for giving so much to Australia.
Good Luck tomorrow @billshortenmp. Thank you for all you have done for the world of Netball and for promising change
If you want unity and stability, not three more years of chaos – vote Labor.
LIVE from Sydney Opera House: paying tribute to Bob Hawke, Labor's greatest son.
The Australian people loved Bob because Bob loved them.  If you’d like to pay a personal tribute to Bob’s memory go to
Live statement on the passing of former Prime Minister Bob Hawke.
Vale Bob.   We will remember him.   In solidarity, forever.   May he rest in peace.
If the LNP coalition can’t even agree on how to run a how to vote, how can they agree on how to run the country?    If you want a united and stable government, and not a ‘Senate civil war’ – vote Labor.  
This election is a choice between Labor’s plan to restore penalty rates, or bigger tax loopholes for the top end of town under the Liberals.    If you want a fair go for all Australians – vote Labor.
Abbott denies it. Turnbull got dumped over it. Morrison ignores it.   Whilst the Liberals’ indecisiveness continues, Australia is dealing with the real chaos of climate change.   This election, end the chaos, vote for real action on climate change – vote Labor. #auspol
The Liberals are too focused on leadership changes to act on climate change.  They deny, delay, do nothing.  If you want real action on climate change – vote Labor.
Only Labor will bring a strong and united government that has a real vision to take on the challenges that everyday Australians face.  If you want a fair go for all Australians – vote Labor.
LIVE from Blacktown: Vote for change, Vote Labor.
If we want Australia to grow and prosper in the future, we need a plan to tackle climate change.   That’s why Labor is committed to 50 per cent renewables by 2030.   If you want real action on climate change, not more chaos – vote Labor.
Only Labor has a plan to invest in renewable energy, modernise the electricity system, and bring power prices and pollution down.  The Liberals have nothing but a record of increasing prices and pollution and baseless scare campaigns. #auspol
If you want real action on climate change, not more chaos – vote Labor. #auspol
Really humbled - and inspired - by support this morning at prepoll for @AustralianLabor - and our plans for a fairer
When Scott Morrison said cancer treatment is free Arthur got really mad. He’s battling cancer right now and knows
Where’s Scott’s loyalty? #auspol
Under the Liberal-Nationals-Palmer-Hanson coalition, you can look forward to more cuts and more complete and utter chaos. #auspol 
Thousands of workers have had their take home pay slashed under the Liberals. With further cuts to penalty rates due to hit in coming years, can Australians really afford three more years of Liberal Chaos? #auspol
Morrison and the Liberals have signed a desperate deal with Clive Palmer – Australia can’t afford the dysfunction and chaos of a Morrison-Palmer coalition.
A vote for the Liberals is a vote for more chaos. #auspol
The Liberals have been spreading lies to seniors and retirees. Here are the real facts about Labor’s franking credits policy.
Even Tony Abbott thinks you should vote Labor for real action on climate change #auspol
Chaos.
Good luck on Saturday @billshortenmp. Few realise what he’s done in Netball - Setting up &amp; guiding @AusNetballPA
If you want real action on climate change, not more chaos – vote Labor.
LIVE IN PERTH: Labor’s going to put public TAFE before tax loopholes for the top end of town.
This is what you can expect if Scott Morrison’s coalition of chaos wins. #auspol
Don’t fall for Liberal lies and misinformation when it comes to negative gearing.
Cuts have consequences.  The chaos of this dysfunctional government has consequences.   If you want to stop the cuts and the chaos – then vote the Liberals out.  Vote to stop the cuts and vote to stop the chaos.  Vote for change, vote Labor. #auspol
A Shorten Labor Government will boost the number of apprentices in Australia and ensure more Australians have an opportunity to learn a trade.
Company profits continue to skyrocket, but wages are stagnating, and everyday Australians are struggling.    Labor has a plan to get wages moving again.     If you want real change, a fair go for all Australians – vote Labor.  
Why is this election important? Meet Jill.
We’re making negative gearing fairer, because the current system isn’t working.    Our policy will help grow the economy without punishing young Australians who have been locked out of the housing market for far too long.    If you want a fairer housing market – vote Labor.
Terrific to join Alicia Payne on the hustings today. A plethora of pleasant pre-poll conversations. #auspol #ausvotes
Tasmania now sadly has the highest unemployment rate in the country and 4,200 full time jobs have been lost in the
The only thing that’s guaranteed with Morrison, Palmer and Hanson is more cuts and chaos. #VoteThemOut
Addiction is often a battle that can’t be fought alone, which is why we’re expanding the ‘Ready 2 Change’ program to give ongoing support for those struggling.    If you want better health services – vote Labor. #auspol 
Scott Morrison’s deals with extreme and chaotic minor parties, in a desperate attempt to cling to power, guarantees more cuts and chaos. #VoteThemOut
Sounds like someone's hat is about to be thrown back in the ring.
Because of the Liberals’ hospital cuts a record number of people are dying on waiting lists waiting for elective surgery. Don’t give them another chance. #VoteThemOut
Clive Palmer wants to represent Australians from Fiji. His party has been caught out sharing volunteers with the Liberals.   A vote for Palmer is a vote for Morrison. And a vote for Morrison is a vote for more cuts and chaos. #auspol #votethemout
LIVE FROM BURNIE: Vote for change, end the chaos and properly fund Hospitals - vote Labor.
Scott Morrison is putting community health at risk by doing deals with extreme and chaotic minor parties in a desperate attempt to cling to power. #VoteThemOut #auspol
Today marks 5 years since the Abbott government handed down a horror budget of cuts.  Since then, we're had two new Liberal Prime Ministers and millions more ripped from the pockets of Australians.  Can we really afford 3 more years of this Coalition of Chaos?
The Liberals have always had their head in the sand when it comes to Climate Change, but Melissa Price has done one better and gone into full hiding.   If you want a Government who will take real action on climate change – vote Labor.
Abbott denies it. Turnbull got dumped over it. Morrison ignores it.   Whilst the Liberals’ indecisiveness continues, Australia is dealing with the real chaos of climate change.    This election, end the chaos, vote for real action on climate change – vote Labor.
By ensuring negative gearing is only applied to new housing stock, we can give first home buyers a fair go, whilst continuing to encourage investment that will grow the economy.    If you want a fair go for all, and not just the top end of town – vote Labor. #auspol
In 2013, the Liberals promised no cuts to education, and no cuts to health.   They lied.
The results are in: @AustralianLabor has the best policies for women. @welaust
Update on Morrison’s engagement with the Environment portfolio this campaign: 1. Refers to extinction legislation that
Wages are stagnating and job insecurity is increasing.    This is not the Australian way.    If you want wages moving and an end to the Liberals’ chaos – vote Labor. #auspol  
Bill Shorten gets the rockstar reception at St Joseph’s Catholic College, East Gosford #auspol
Thanks to all the great @AustralianLabor volunteers who have been helping out at the early voting centre in Kingston,
Five years ago today, the Liberals brought down their 2014 budget, which smashed promises on health, education &amp; pensions.
Australians around the country are supporting Labor's campaign for change through grassroots online donations, and @BillShortenMP called one to say thanks. Here's what happened.   Can you chip in to support Labor at
LIVE from East Gosford: Australians can vote to end the chaos and end the cuts. Vote for change, vote Labor.
If you want cheaper child care, not more cuts and chaos– vote Labor.
This election is about changing the country and to do that we have to change the government. That's why I am asking for your
It's no surprise that Barnaby Joyce is more preoccupied with leadership power grabs than representing his community.    If you want to end this Liberal Government's instability and chaos - vote Labor.   
Five years after the 2014 budget, Scott Morrison is just Tony Abbott in a baseball cap. He cuts schools and hospitals just like Abbott did.  A Morrison-Palmer minority government guarantees more cuts to schools and hospitals and more handouts to multinationals.
What we saw yesterday was that Scott Morrison and the Liberals have no vision for the future of Australia. 
Today marks 5 years since the Abbott government handed down a horror budget of cuts.
I’ll choose investing in great education programs like @thesongroom over protecting tax loopholes for the top end of
Happy birthday @billshortenmp 🎈
Six days to go! End the chaos, vote for change, vote Labor.
You can’t make this up. Six days out from an election and Barnaby Joyce signals his intention to roll the Deputy
If you want unity and stability, not three more years of chaos – vote Labor #auspol
Scott Morrison is doing deals with extreme and chaotic minor parties in a desperate attempt to cling to power.
The next three years depends upon the next six days. If you want a fair go for all Australians - vote Labor.
The Liberals are so caught up in their own cuts and chaos that they have nothing substantial to offer Australians.   If you want a strong and united government, and an end to the cuts and chaos – vote Labor.  
Confused about negative gearing? Here are the facts.
For five years the Liberals have lied to Australians about their so-called stable government. After all the no shows at today's half-empty Liberal launch, it's past time to call out their lies.   End the chaos. Vote for change. Vote for Labor on 18 May.
Scott Morrison wants to give $80 billion of tax cuts to the top end of town. But that'll come at a cost to you. #auspol
Morrison's no shows. #auspol #LiberalLaunch
A Shorten Labor Government will work with Victoria to deliver the real funding that the Suburban Rail Loop needs, and with Dan Andrews we’ll deliver the infrastructure that Victorians deserve.   Vote for change. Vote Labor on 18 May. #auspol
Where are all the Liberals at today’s Liberal Party launch? We’ve got a few #auspol
Where's Tony Abbott at today’s Liberal Party launch? We’ve got an #auspol #Liberallaunch
Where are all the Liberals at today’s Liberal Party launch? We’ve got a few #auspol
Only at the Liberal launch can they make a “funny” joke about lying to the face of a voter.
Where’s Tony? #auspol #LiberalLaunch
Very clear message from ⁦@AustralianLabor⁩ #Election2019 Rally in #MooneePonds #VoteForChange #VoteLabor
About as empty as Scott Morrison’s vision for Australia #auspol
It’s Mother’s Day so I’m retweeting #mymum 💐
Final week #FairGoForAustralia campaign launch behind scenes with some very special people #auspol #ausvotes #mothersday
LIVE from Melbourne: Six days to go! End the chaos, vote for change, vote Labor.
With ⁦@LaborForHiggins⁩ at #MooneePonds waiting for ⁦@AustralianLabor⁩ campaign event with ⁦@billshortenmp⁩ #Election2019
RT @polley_helen:
What this govt has been reduced to: smuggling senior Cabinet ministers in and out of party campaign launches #auspol
👇👇👇
#Bestmum
Remember the last Lib Launch? #AusVotes
I miss my mum each and every day - #HappyMothersDay to all the mums out there #Respect
The greatest role &amp; privilege I’ll ever have is to be Daniel, Brendan and Caroline’s mother.  Happy Mother’s Day to mums,
Love you mum, and Jack’s mum 💗
To our mums, your mum, and all the mums of Australia: thank you.    Happy Mother’s Day.
Happy Mother’s Day #mymum
Thanks mum. A brave, intelligent, kind woman.
She’s just the best. Happy Mother’s Day Chloe.
#mdc2019 with #MyMum this morning. We’re doing it for Deb @MDC_walk_run #Bendigo
This woman! Happy Mother’s Day Dot. Mother, Grandmother, Great Grandmother. Inspiring generations. #mothers #mum
Only Labor will reverse Scott Morrison’s cuts to our national broadcaster and invest a further $60 million in an ABC and SBS that Australians can be proud of.    Vote for change. Vote Labor on 18 May. #auspol
Good doggos.
In London today &amp; want to vote for a fair go for all Australians? You can vote AND enjoy a #DemocracySausage from 10am @AusHouseLondon TODAY!
A Shorten Labor government will invest in our creative gaming industry by reinstating the Australian Interactive Games Fund and investing $25 million to give game creators a head start.   If you want a fair go for all Australians - vote Labor. #auspol
LIVE from the Espy: Launching Labor's National Cultural Policy - Creative Australia.
This photo is from a rally in 2014.  The Liberals promised “No cuts to the ABC or SBS”, but for six years all
LIVE from Melbourne: Vote Labor to save the ABC
Hey @ScottMorrisonMP and @JoshFrydenberg - what gives?  I thought he wasn’t a Liberal candidate anymore.... #ausvotes
Where in the world is Scott Morrison’s Environment Minister? 🤷 #auspol
If you need any more proof that a vote for Ken Wyatt and the Liberals is actually a vote for Clive Palmer - check these
Hey @MathiasCormann - good morning.  Hope you’re well.  Big launch tomorrow!  Is John Howard going to be there?  Do you
“To make the country decent and better.”   I’m fortunate to have a friend and mentor like Bill Kelty.
The Liberals' lies on climate change are going so well, they're now insulting those who don't agree with them.     The chaos never stops. #auspol
“He's a ripper of a bloke. He'll have my support - he always has.” Todd Russell, Beaconsfield mine disaster survivor.  
If you want to help our most vulnerable, and not give more handouts to the top end of town – vote Labor. 
Morrison wants to team up with Clive Palmer to give an $80 billion handout to big business and the top end of town.   And don’t forget, Clive Palmer does nothing for free.
In Townsville today with @c_otoole launching a Shorten Labor Government’s plan to deliver a fair go for North Queensland.
Standing with just some amazing @AustralianLabor activists giving their heart and soul to supporting @LibbyCokerLabor
Today gross debt is $536.7 billion  (Source:)  Up $263.7 billion since the 2013 election  When
By doing the hard work and making the tough decisions in our policies, Labor will deliver bigger budget surpluses than
This morning I donated some new library books to the Kangaroo Flat Primary School library. Here I am with their School
Big Shout Out to our @AustralianLabor volunteers like Lyn who are helping with early voting in Bendigo today. Freezing
While Labor closes unfair tax loopholes to pay for better schools and hospitals, Morrison wants to team up with Clive Palmer to give an $80 billion handout to big business. #auspol
Labor is committed to making sure renters, those in social housing and apartments have access to cleaner, cheaper
Senator @KKeneally takes aim at @LiberalAus &amp; @UnitedAusParty, says @CliveFPalmer expecting $80bil tax cuts from
LIVE from Cairns
People under 40 in this country are getting a dud deal from the government.  If you want a fair go for all Australians - vote Labor. #auspol  
Over 185,000 older Australians a year skip getting the dental care they need because of the massive cost.  A Shorten Labor Government will invest $2.4 billion in a Pensioner Dental Plan – giving up to three million older Australians access to free dental care.
Multinationals don’t need more Liberal tax cuts, handouts or tax loopholes.   They need to pay their fair share, so that everyday Australians can get a fair go. 
Liberals offer no plan for the future #auspol
What the Libs don’t understand is that the economy of the 21st century will be driven by education/skills &amp; clean energy
"Australia’s cancer doctors have rejected Scott Morrison’s claims they will charge patients higher fees under Labor’s plan
Today with @markdreyfusQCMP @JulianHillMP @simonforlatrobe I announced a Shorten Labor Government will establish a $57
Scott Morrison is doing deals with extreme and chaotic minor parties in a desperate attempt to cling to power.
Great to be with @AlboMP and Victorian Labor candidates to hear that if elected Federal Labor will get behind the
Great to catch up with @Uniting_SA today with my good friend @jennymcallister. Uniting SA does crucial work helping
Australia lacks a co-ordinated, strategic national response to the growing health impacts of climate change. That's
The Liberals have treated scientific research into the impacts of climate change with contempt and disdain over the
With @AlboMP and @CatherineKingMP today to announce $5million towards the Daylesford to Hanging Rock Rail Trail. This is
Today I launched, @AustralianLabor's Plan for our ADF Personnel and Veterans. This is a comprehensive plan for our
Terrific to hear from Mayors from the northwest of our massive state, in Townsville today. Real champions for regions
Another great local announcement that will benefit the whole of Tassie and an investment in our young people.
Vulnerable Canberrans will get access to free tax advice under a Shorten Govt. We’ll fund a Tax Clinic at the University of
Tasmanian women are still being let down by State and Federal Liberal Governments who have repeatedly said this issue
Les is a Melbourne icon who does remarkable work in the western suburbs. Proud to know him and call him a friend.
Only Labor will crack down on tax havens #auspol #ausvotes
Only Labor will invest in better hospitals for all.
LIVE from Redcliffe Hospital: Talking about Labor’s plan for better health and hospitals not tax handouts for the top
At #Ballarat Airport announcing upgrade and Bike Trail between Daylesford and Hanging Rock with ⁦@CatherineKingMP⁩ and
Nearly half of Australian cancer patients pay more than $5,000 in out-of-pocket costs over the course of their diagnosis and treatment. More than a quarter of cancer patients pay more than $10,000 out of their own pocket.  #auspol
3 from 3. Last night Bill showed he is ready to be Prime Minister #auspol
We can’t afford not to take real action on climate change.
If you want real action on climate change, not more chaos – vote Labor.
A vote for the Liberals is a vote for Clive Palmer and Pauline Hanson and a vote for Clive Palmer and Pauline Hanson is a vote for the Liberals.
3-0. And @billshortenmp was happy to front at #qanda which not every candidate for PM was happy to do.
The best thing this country’s got going for it is its people. #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
3 from 3. Tonight Bill showed he is ready to be Prime Minister. #LeadersDebate #auspol #npc
"I want us to be a nation which is more equal and, in becoming more equal, what we'll actually deliver is a more prosperous and wealthy nation for my kids and, indeed, their kids after that." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #LeadersDebate
"I want to see a country where your postcode, your gender, your parents' wealth, the faith you follow and how many generations you've been in this country are not the predictors of your success." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #Leadersdebate
"I want to see the young women in my family, my daughters, being paid the same as my son. So I want genuine equality for women." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #Leadersdebate
"I want my kids to grow up in 2030 and see a more modern Australia. I want them to see a nation which has embraced climate change and action on climate change. I want to see half of our energy coming from renewable energy." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #LeadersDebate
FACT: Labor will deliver an extra $14 billion for public schools over the next decade. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: Labor believes access to healthcare should depend on your Medicare card, not your credit card. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: Labor will invest $2.4 billion in a Pensioner Dental Plan – giving up to three million older Australians access to free dental care. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: Under the Liberals, Australia now has 150,000 fewer apprentices than we did in 2013. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: A Shorten Labor Government will uncap university places – ensuring around 200,000 more Australians will get access to a university education over the next decade. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: The Liberals have had 5 Defence ministers in 6 years #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
"If we want to talk about the record of ship building industries, the Newcastle shipyard is shut, Williamstown is shut. Osborne shipyard has a thousand less people working there." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #Leadersdebate
"We hear nothing to see here, move along. Climate change, childcare affordability, first-home buyers. They want more of the same of the last 6 years. Business as usual for the top end of town and everyone else, look after yourselves." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #Leadersdebate
[To Scott Morrison] "You don't like our policy but that doesn't give you the right to scare Australians or ignore first-home buyers." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #Leadersdebate
FACT: First home buyers are being locked out of the housing market and having to compete with investors buying their fifth, sixth and seventh homes. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
"I choose first-home buyers over future property investors. I choose working families to provide resources for them rather than giving away taxpayer subsidy to the top end of town in the form of the capital gains tax discounts of 50%." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
"Go and ask any of a million households if you think your childcare has got cheaper under this Government. Ask first-home buyers if they think the real estate market is not stacked against them. " - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #Leadersdebate
"If you want to talk about renters, look at the reduction in the amount of social housing. This is an out of touch Government." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #LeadersDebate
FACT: 887,000 families will get cheaper childcare under Labor including every family earning up to $174,000 #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: Labor will invest $75 million to train workers for the 70,000 new jobs that will be created by our 50% renewable energy target #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
"What this Government calls a cost, I call an investments. What this Government calls a cost, I call the future. What this Government calls a cost, I call a transition in our economy to a low carbon, much more productive economy." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #Leadersdebate
The economic benefits of tackling climate change far, far outweigh the costs. Not just for our kids’ future - but for more jobs and lower power prices. #auspol #leadersdebate
"The government ministers here can laugh, but your record over 6 years is hardly anything to laugh about." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #Leadersdebate
Love you Mum and thanks for the values, confidence and support you and Dad continue to give to me every day
"We all know the Liberal Party tears itself apart over climate change. This isn't me saying that. Just ask Malcolm Turnbull. But we understand if we don't take action now the cost to our kids will be greater." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #Leadersdebate
"The single greatest driver of energy prices in this country going up and up and up and up as they have is a lack of coherent energy policy. That is the biggest single problem." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
FACT: Emissions have gone up every year under the Liberals #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
"If you believe the PM we're doing everything that needs to be done [on climate change].. but I don't buy that. The reality is that carbon pollution is going up under this government... Whatever they're doing, it's not working." - @billshortenmp #auspol #leadersdebate #npc
FACT: After six years of chaos, uncertainty and division under the Abbott/Turnbull/Morrison Governments, Australians need stability and certainty on climate change policy – that’s what Labor’s plan delivers. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
"We need to take real action. We need to have ambitious targets. Climate change is a gigantic problem... The cost of not acting is even more expensive." - @billshortenmp #auspol #leadersdebate #npc
FACT: Labor will ensure 50% of our electricity generation comes from renewable energy by 2030 #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: The Liberal Party is full of climate sceptics and hopelessly divided on climate change. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: This election is a choice- a choice between Labor's plan for better hospitals and better schools or bigger tax handouts for the top end of town and cuts to schools and hospitals under the Liberals  #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: A Shorten Labor Government will deliver better tax cuts for 3.6 million working Australians.    #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: Under Labor's Pensioner Guarantee if you're on a part or full pension or Commonwealth Government allowance you're exempt from Labor's reforms to dividend imputation #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
"If you get an income tax refund and you haven't paid income tax in that year, it's not a refund. It's a gift." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
FACT: Scott Morrison and the Liberals cut $1 billion from pensioner concessions #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: Labor will deliver access to kindergarten and preschool for all 3 and 4 year-olds. It's an investment in our country's future. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
"The best thing this country's got going for us is people. We intend to invest in 3 and 4 year olds because that's what the smartest countries in the world are doing." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
"We'll take real action on climate change. I waited to see if the PM would say that's going to be a challenge in the future around the world." - @billshortenmp  He didn't.  #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
“We brought the budget back to surplus next year.”  OK Morrison.  #auspol
FACT: Their forecast budget surplus is built on a $1.6 billion underspend that shortchanges the NDIS and the people that rely on it #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: Labor’s Medicare Cancer Plan includes $433 million to fund three million free consultations with oncologists and surgeons for cancer patients. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: Labor’s Medicare Cancer Plan includes $500 million to slash waiting times for cancer patients in public hospitals. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT:  Labor’s Medicare Cancer Plan includes $600 million towards eliminating all out-of-pocket costs for diagnostic imaging, with up to six million free cancer scans funded through Medicare. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
"Was that a yes or a no on our cancer plan? Or a definite maybe?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
FACT: Labor's Medicare Cancer Plan will deliver millions of free scans, tests and specialist appointments #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: Ask people who have fought cancer, not all cancer treatment is free #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
FACT: While Scott Morrison and the Liberals spend billions of dollars on tax loopholes for the top end of town, they are cutting billions of dollars from public hospitals and leaving all Australians worse off. #LeadersDebate #npc #auspol
[To Scott Morrison] "Would you agree to implement our cancer plan to lower cancer costs to practically nil for hundreds of thousands of Australians?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
FACT: A vote for the Liberals is a vote for Clive Palmer and a vote for Clive Palmer is a vote for the Liberals. #LeadersDebate #ABC #auspol
"When you deal with Clive Palmer there's always a bill to pay him at the end." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
"We've got the lived experience of some pretty extreme people being picked in the Liberal Party." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
FACT: Only a Labor government will deliver real action on climate change #LeadersDebate #ABC #auspol
"Half the Liberal Party don't accept climate change is real, and if they do they don't want to do anything about it." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
FACT: Bill Shorten has led Labor for more than 2000 days #LeadersDebate #ABC #auspol
"We've demonstrated that we can be a united force in opposition and we don't have government to bind us together. I started off in opposition against Tony Abbott, then Malcolm Turnbull, and now Scott Morrison." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
"I think we need one more change of Prime Minister and then we can finish it for a while." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
"I don't accept that the corollary of strong borders is indefinite detention." - @billshortenmp #auspol #npc #leadersdebate
FACT: Scott Morrison was Social Services Minister when he cut the pension to 370,000 pensioners - including kicking over 88,000 people off the pension altogether. That's not a record to be proud of #auspol
My mum could only get to grade three. Rural Greece Second World War and Great Depression. Yet, she would recite to
#MyMum instilled in me the Labor values of #fairgo for all, social justice and equality of opportunity when she
The modern Liberal Party, where you get disendorsed for saying @RichardMarlesMP is a good bloke, but this stuff is OK...
#MyMum a thread.  We farewelled Mum on Int Womens Day.   Mums family bloodlines fell to her from the Carlssons of
This election is a choice. Labor is choosing better hospitals, Morrison and the Liberals are choosing bigger tax loopholes for the top end of town #auspol
This election is a choice. Labor is choosing better hospitals, Scott Morrison and the Liberals are choosing bigger tax loopholes for the top end of town. #auspol
My mother had her own business as a photographer.  By the time she took this black and white photo of us and hand
This election is all about choices. And it’s all about people like Colleen.   Colleen was stuck on a waiting list for
#Mymum is 92. She did grade 8 three times because there was no high school. She worked in factories and then married
#MyMum raised 5 kids, survived by 4. Left school at 14 coz that’s what you did back then.  Noneone in her family went
In an election where the Liberals and Clive Palmer are sharing volunteers, the message is clear: Vote Palmer, get Morrison. And Morrison means more cuts and more chaos.   End the chaos. Vote for change. Vote for Labor. #auspol
My mum from a single parent family, won a scholarship to high school then university &amp; a teaching career, at a time when
#Mymum taught me to read well before I started school which gave me a real boost and a love for reading. My Mum spent
#MyMum taped bedtime stories for me every night she went out babysitting, to earn extra money on top of her day job.
Bill's words about his mum speak to an experience too many Australians face.  We all want to give our kids the opportunities that we might not have had.  And that's what a Shorten Labor Government will provide –- opportunity and a fair go for all Australians. #auspol
Doctors, nurses and hospital staff make a vital contribution to the wellbeing of our community. In order to deliver better and more services, they need to be supported.    If you want better hospitals and schools, not more cuts – vote Labor. #auspol
LIVE from Nowra: This election is a choice - better hospitals for everyone or bigger tax loopholes for millionaires
And this one. #OneNationLiberalDeal
If Scott Morrison has stopped Liberals preferencing One Nation, why does the Liberal Party website display how to vote
The story of @billshortenmp's mum explains a lot about what drives him in public life.  It’s why he believes that
A special message today from two great leaders of our country.    Read what Bob and Paul have to say about Labor’s
"Shorten's Labor is the only party of government focused on the need to modernise the economy to deal with the major challenge of our time: human induced climate change." – Bob Hawke &amp; Paul Keating #auspol  
My mum. #auspol #qanda
“Me? [Mr Turnbull] is my leader and I am ambitious for him.” – Scott Morrison, less than one year ago. #auspol
You don’t fix our hospitals by cutting them. If you want better hospitals not more cuts – vote Labor. #auspol  
You don’t fix our hospitals by cutting them. If you want better hospitals not more cuts – vote Labor. 
Even the Council of Small Business Organisations Australia agree, our job incentive policy will help get young and old people into work. 
A vote for Labor is a vote to restore $83.7 million in cuts to the ABC that have been made by Scott Morrison and his Liberal government.
This government has no clue and no purpose.
Scott Morrison hasn’t done QandA in 7 years.   Bill Shorten did #QandA last night.   What’s Scott so afraid of? #auspol
“When Scott Morrison hits the imagination button, it’s like one of those channels on television where there’s nothing but white lines and static.” – Paul Keating
"Liberal" Scott Morrison getting into bed🛌with entitlements-bandit &amp; race-baiter Clive Palmer was bad enough now they're
Where's Scott's loyalty? #auspol
You can have a strong, independent, and well-funded ABC or a Liberal government. You can’t have both. #auspol  
If you want unity and stability, not three more years of chaos – vote Labor #auspol
LIVE from Geelong: The Liberals want to give a tax cut to multinationals and hospitals cuts to everyone else. Only
“Foreign policy will not be a second order issue under my leadership. I'll give the world Penny Wong. The best.” - Bill Shorten, Q&amp;A 6/5/19 #auspol  
This election is a choice between Labor’s plan to restore penalty rates, or bigger tax loopholes for the top end of town under the Liberals #auspol #ausvotes
There's only one way to stop the Liberals' cuts: vote for change, and vote them out. #auspol
Our Solar Schools Plan will help Australian schools cut their energy bills and use cleaner energy by helping schools access solar panels and battery storage #auspol
Well that was awesome.  @billshortenmp answering every question on #qanda clearly, passionately and directly.    Wouldn’t
How would a Shorten Government lead the Australian community towards being a decent and caring country? #QandA
"When we are equal and get equal opportunity, we'll be the best country in the world with no arrogance. That's my leadership style." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"If this country can let people be as talented and as capable by giving them all the same opportunity, we won't all be the same at the end of the day, but we're not going to hold this country back." - @billshortenmp #qanda #auspol
"The government I'll lead will be an inclusive government and a listening government. What we're not going to be a government who says that the world is too hard, tell everyone you don't need to change or do anything. This nation needs real change."- @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"Reconciliation in Australia and Closing the Gap is everything. It's  putting our first Australians and recognising them in the nation's birth certificate. The Constitution." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"I have a unique idea to help make sure that Indigenous Australians get holistic solutions. I want to put Pat Dodson, who is from the Kimberley, in charge of Indigenous matters in Australia, the first Indigenous person to do so." - @billshortenmp  #auspol #qanda
In the first 50 days of a Shorten Labor Government - we will end  @ScottMorrisonMP’s Medicare Freeze - because it’s your
"If I can do one thing as PM, it's help make sure when you get cancer it may make you  sick but it shouldn't make you poor." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"When you're sick your ability to claim a tax subsidy isn't as important as it is than your ability to see a doctor. That's what motivates me." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"What I learned out of 2009?  You can stand for something or fall for everything and we're going to stand and fight on climate change. We're not retreating." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"Future generations will look back at this current election and they will wonder why on earth people are arguing against action on climate change." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"The Conservatives, the climate deniers, the people really running  the Morrison Government, they never admit there's a cost to climate change. There is a cost. The bushfires, the extreme weather events, the insurance premiums." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"You can't have a debate about climate change without talking about the cost of inaction." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
For people like Lillian, Labor will make it easier for small business to hire older Australians by  giving a companies a
"I set a test for Mr Morrison,  not that he's here to hear it, but maybe someone will tell him. Why don't you get your last predecessors to turn up to your launch - Malcolm Turnbull and Tony Abbott. Let's see how you go doing that bit of unity." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"Not a hope that I'll disown Paul Keating... Don't these current Government Ministers, don't they  dumb politics down to black and white?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
Thanks for watching. Why doesn’t your bloke come on? Oh that’s right. Because he’s a 🐓 #auspol  #qanda
"Foreign policy will not be a second order issue under my leadership. I'll give the world @SenatorWong, the best." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
#qanda - 👇
"These early childhood educators are the people we first entrust our children outside of the family unit because it's a feminized industry and the vast bulk work force of women have been underpaid forever." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"The Government accused me of elder abuse for raising a royal commission. Eventually, like they do sometimes,  they got around to doing what we thought they should do." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"We are the stable united choice. So on May 18, vote for change. Vote for Labor to end the chaos." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"One thing I can promise you and I hear it right across Australia from the left to the right, the north to the south, the east to the west, is  people are sick of the instability." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"The point of the last 2,032 days is this, my team's united. I can put my whole team up the front. We're all united." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
After six years of chaos from the Liberals, it’s starting to all boil over.   End the chaos.  Vote for change.  Vote for Labor. #ausvotes #auspol
"At least I've turned up... I'm happy to have ScoMo here." - @billshortenmp  Why is Scott Morrison so afraid of #qanda? #auspol
"We're spending $35 billion in the next 10 years to help  subsidise property investors who haven't even bought their property yet, yet we can't find enough to help Lillian who has been working at 61 on the rougher end of change." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"It's not as if this Government is not spending money. It's who they're spending it on." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"Did you know that in Australia if you're over 55 your average period of unemployment is twice as long?" - @billshortenmp   Labor has a plan to address this. #auspol #qanda
"We've got a problem right now in Australia. The economy has flatlined under the current Government. Wages have been growing at the lowest level in 60 years." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"Is it right that we spend billions of  dollars to give people the ability to claim a subsidy when they invest in a property in the future or should we properly fund our hospitals and schools? It's not a zero sum game." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"If I'm not giving you a subsidy for you making a loss on an investment property, that ain't a  new tax. It just means you're not getting a subsidy." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
FACT: Colin, Labor's negative gearing policy is fully grandfathered. They won't apply to anyone who currently negatively gears. #auspol #qanda
"We're offering real change. The current Government are offering you three more years of the  same last six years." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"We'll make sure young people get penalty rates restored on Sundays and public holidays." - @billshortenmp #qanda #auspol
"For everyone who wants an apprenticeship, we're going to pay the up-front fees of 100,000 apprenticeships over the next three years." - @billshortenmp #qanda #auspol
"When it comes to university we're going to open up 200,000 new places which will help flow more money into universities and provide a lot of people with a  chance to go to university." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"We want you to be able to compete on a level playing field  to buy your first home. A lot of young Australians wonder how they'll ever be able to afford it." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"This is the secret of growth sustainability in the future. Invest in the people and the people do the rest." - @billshortenmp #auspol #qanda
"When we help early childhood educators properly get paid, we're recognising the economic contribution of that work." - @billshortenmp #qanda #auspol
"There's 145,000 older Australians on waiting lists for dental care. Not helping them afford dental care doesn't make the problem go away." - @billshortenmp #qanda #auspol
"When the government says this is a retiree tax, what a pack of liars they are." - @billshortenmp #qanda #auspol
"In Australia at the moment we give some people an income tax refund even though they don't pay income tax. This is a subsidy. It is a gift." - @billshortenmp #qanda #auspol
"What we are able to do is pay for our promises by engaging in genuine reform for a fairer Australia." - @billshortenmp #qanda #auspol
"The basis of our policies is that we think it's time for real change in Australia." - @billshortenmp #qanda #auspol
FACT: Scott Morrison refuses to go on @QandA. #auspol #qanda
It’s time to end the chaos and cuts from the Liberals. It’s time for real change. It’s time for the fair go for
You can’t trust the Liberals with the ABC. #auspol
Labor agrees with the Small Business Instant Asset Write Off. We agree on a 25% rate for small and medium businesses. Plus you get the Australian Investment Guarantee permanently under Labor. #auspol #abc730
FACT: Coalition preferences will help elect Clive Palmer into the Senate. #auspol #abc730
QUESTION: What has Scott Morrison promised Clive Palmer? #auspol #abc730
FACT: The Liberal Party will do deals with Pauline Hanson and Clive Palmer to stay in power. #auspol #abc730
FACT: The LNP has done a preference deal with Pauline Hanson's far right One Nation. The LNP are one party in Queensland. #auspol #abc730
FACT: People earning under $40,000 get a bigger, better, fairer tax cut under Labor. #auspol #abc730
FACT: Scott Morrison is promising an $11,000 a year tax cut for people earning over $200,000. #auspol #abc730
FACT: Scott Morrison brought a lump of coal into the Parliament. #auspol #abc730
FACT: Scott Morrison said he's careful about spending money. Like the $180 million he spent on opening the Christmas Island detention centre for a press conference. #auspol #abc730
Scott Morrison should talk to Labor about using Malcolm Turnbull's National Energy Guarantee to help lower emissions and power bills. But he won't. #auspol #abc730
FACT: Emissions are rising under Scott Morrison and the Liberals. #auspol #abc730
FACT: There is a choice between cuts and chaos under Scott Morrison, Clive Palmer and Pauline Hanson, and better schools and hospitals under Bill Shorten and Labor. #auspol #abc730
Why isn't Malcolm Turnbull still the Prime Minister, @ScottMorrisonMP ? #auspol #abc730
FACT: The Libs have finally caught up with Labor's bigger better fairer tax cuts. What they haven't done is provide the double tax relief to the lowest paid workers, those on $40,000 a year or less. #auspol #abc730
FACT: There are now fewer people employed full time as a percentage of the labour force than there were in 2013. #auspol #abc730
FACT: Labor is promising to spend more on schools and hospitals. #auspol #abc730
Scott Morrison talks about slowing spending growth. Does that include a $1.6 billion underspend on the NDIS? #auspol #abc730
FACT: Scott Morrison can't verify the cost of his tax cuts for high income earners (hint: it's $77 billion.) #auspol #abc730
"The accounts, as of right now, are still in deficit." - Scott Morrison #auspol #abc730
FACT: Scott Morrison has not delivered a budget surplus. #auspol #abc730
FACT: Scott Morrison's Liberals have doubled net debt. #auspol #730
FACT: Underemployment has hit record highs, with 1.8 million Australians looking for a job or for more work. #auspol #730
"Labor believes that every one of us is equal, no matter who you love. Labor is a long way from our opponents on this. We are side by side with the Australian people." – @SenatorWong #auspol
Don’t miss Bill Shorten fronting up to Australians on #QandA tonight! Unlike a certain Prime #auspol
Families earning up to $174,000 will be better off under Labor. We’ll slash up to $2,100 per child off their annual child care bill. #auspol
Why won't Scott Morrison front up to Q&amp;A? #qanda #auspol
Australia needs a change, not more of the same. That’s why this election is a choice between better hospitals with Labor or bigger cuts under the Liberals. #auspol
It's the $77 billion question the Liberals refuse to answer.  What services will they cut to pay for their tax handout to the top end of town?  What hospitals? What schools? Why won't they tell us? #auspol  
LIVE from Western Sydney - protecting our public hospitals from more Liberal cuts.
End the chaos. Vote for change. Vote for Labor. #auspol
If you want real action on climate change, not more chaos – vote Labor.
We are choosing hope over fear. We are choosing the future over the past. We are choosing a real plan over petulant name-calling and scare campaigns, because we won’t accept second best for Australia.    If you want real change this election – vote Labor. 
Teachers, nurses, and tradies have to pay their fair share of tax. They don’t get special loopholes or investments set up in the Cayman Islands (unlike our last PM).     The system needs to change, and Labor will change it. This election, vote for Labor. #auspol
Young people with complex mental health needs shouldn’t have to reach the point of hospitalisation before receiving the care they need. We need real change in this industry.  If you want a fair go for young Australians – vote Labor on 18 May. #auspol
If you vote Labor, you can end the chaos in Canberra - by electing a strong, stable and united team focused on serving the people of Australia. #auspol
We need real change – because more of the same isn’t good enough. If you want a fair go for all Australians - vote Labor. #auspol
We need real change – because more of the same isn’t good enough. If you want real action on climate change, not more chaos – vote Labor. #auspol
PJK. Respect.
Over 80,000 Australians aged over 55 and 260,000 young Australians are struggling with getting work.    That’s why Labor will be incentivising small businesses with our new jobs tax cut.     If you want a fair go for all Australians - vote Labor. #auspol
In a cracking campaign launch today, Bill Shorten announced that Labor will close a multinational tax loophole that lets
A Shorten Labor Government will invest nearly $200 million in headspace Plus – improving youth mental health services and ensuring young Australians don’t fall through the cracks in Australia’s mental health system.  If you want a fair go for all Australians - vote Labor. #auspol
Vote for unity. Vote for change. Vote Labor.
A view from the stage as @billshortenmp delivers a fantastic speech to officially launch our @AustralianLabor election
Hope over fear. The future not the past. Faith in Australians - and backing everyone in. So well said @billshortenmp
The Liberals' Budget was propped up by shortchanging the National Disability Insurance Scheme, and it’s not right. 
It is time for a fair go for Australia. It is time, now, more than ever, to vote Labor.
🌞Hope 👍Optimism ❤️Passion 🌈Equality 👷🏻‍♀️Fairness 🤝Unity 🇦🇺Leadership #LaborLaunch #auspol #ausvotes
Labor is a united team ready to serve the Australian people as the next federal government. #AusVotes2019 #politas
If you want unity and stability, not three more years of chaos – vote Labor #auspol #ausvotes
Welcome to country at the ALP campaign launch.
Best campaign launch ever - starts with The Go-Betweens!
Watch Labor's campaign launch LIVE from Brisbane!
What a team ❤️ @JEChalmers @SenatorWong
View from the stage at the @AustralianLabor launch. Kicking off soon!
A few people waiting to launch Bill Shorten and Labor’s campaign for change to remove the most chaotic government in
I’m in Brisbane for the @AustralianLabor Official Campaign Launch. Tune in at 11am to hear Bill’s positive message
Christine pays almost $13,000 a year in tax, while some retired shareholders get $27,000 without paying any income tax at all. The system isn't working for working people. #auspol
Under the Liberals, the economy isn’t working for working people. Labor has the better plan for jobs and wages.
Space Invader Scott Morrison is desperate to keep the top end of town happy. Even if it means keeping everyday Australians in the dark about his cuts, chaos, and dodgy deals with Clive Palmer and Pauline Hanson. #auspol
Morrison likes to talk about a strong economy but we all know the Libs wanted the 'cleansing power of a recession’ to rip
Peter Garrett knows there's only one party who is taking climate change seriously, and that's Labor. The cost of inaction on climate change far outweighs the cost of action. We can't afford to wait another 3 years to act. #auspol
@LiberalAus Hey mate, fixed it for you xx
When you don’t have a plan for the country apart from cuts and chaos, just become a space invader. #auspol 
Why won’t Scott Morrison admit a number for his tax cuts for the top end of town?   [Hint: It’s a big one.] #auspol
Scott Morrison proves time and time again he’s willing to leave everyday Australians in the dark as long as it means he can give the top end of town tax cuts and taxpayer handouts. #auspol #peoplesforum
After six years of a Coalition government, Australia needs a change. #auspol
How can Morrison refuse to answer for grabbing $77bn for the top 3% of tax payers &amp; then keep a straight face when asking
'They (Liberals) stopped governing Australia years ago.While they’ve been obsessed with fighting themselves they’ve
Scott Morrison has spent the last five years – including three as Treasurer – trying to cut the pension and increase the pension age to 70.   A leopard never changes its spots – pension cuts are in the Liberal-Nationals DNA.
Tonight we saw a Prime Minister make excuses for a lack of action on climate change.   And we saw a leader provide a vision for a fairer Australia that takes real action on climate change that we can pass onto our children. #auspol
This👇👇👇 #auspol #peoplesforum
"It's time for a change. We can do this because we're united, we're stable, and we've made the decisions we need to to pay for our policies." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
The Liberals’ record is cuts and chaos. And they can’t run on their vision for the future, because they haven’t got one. #peoplesforum #auspol
"The choice is more of the same. Do you really think life has been so fantastic the last six years? This economy is not working in the interests of working people." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"This nation needs more for leadership than someone who makes excuses to do the minimum or bugger all on climate change." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
The economic benefits of tackling climate change far, far outweigh the costs. Not just for our kids’ future - but for more jobs and lower power prices.  The experts agree- #peoplesforum #auspol
"When companies invest in new technology to reduce pollution it makes them more efficient." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"The cost to the environment if we don't act is far greater than if we do act." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
FACT: This is the climate policy Scott Morrison agreed to... and then allowed the dinosaurs of the Liberal Party to have their way #peoplesforum #auspol
We can't afford the cost of inaction on climate change.
Only Labor will take real action on climate change.  Find out more about our plan here: #peoplesforum #auspol
"If they really believed in real action on climate change, Malcolm Turnbull would still be Prime Minister." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"We recognise that if we invest more in renewables it will create more jobs. Ask 2 million people who put solar on their rooftops. Do they think it's a cost, or an investment?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"When Tony Abbott got elected we were pumping... 512 megatons of carbon pollution. Now it's gone up. 541 megatons of carbon pollution. This Government's not getting our carbon pollution down, it's going up." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
FACT: The Liberal Party is full of climate sceptics and hopelessly divided on climate change and this is what it looks like. #peoplesforum #auspol
Yet to hear @ScottMorrisonMP outline a new idea or any new policy in tonight’s  #peoplesforum - his answer to almost every
FACT: Wages growth is at record lows under the Liberals. #peoplesforum #auspol
"Wages have stagnated. That is a fact. And the man next to me has no plan to get wages moving again." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"This is the killer number - 39% is the increase in corporate profits since you last voted for Malcolm Turnbull. Wages have moved by 5 or 6%." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
Only Bill Shorten and Labor will deliver a fair go for all Australians, not just the top end of town.   Find out more about our plan at  #peoplesforum #auspol
Labor will provide greater support to our military families.   Read more here: #peoplesforum #auspol
"Not everything's working properly in this country and all too often people feel let down by the system." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
How will Scott Morrison pay for his tax cuts for millionaires?   Morrison needs to cut – and he’s already cut billions from schools and hospitals. #peoplesforum #auspol
We’ve got a plan for better schools and hospitals. Scott Morrison has dodgy deals with Clive Palmer, more cuts and more chaos. #peoplesforum #auspol
FACT: Under the Liberals a millionaire gets $11,000 tax cut while someone earning $40,000 a year gets $11 a week. #peoplesforum #auspol
"You're a classic space invader." - @billshortenmp to Scott Morrison #auspol #peoplesforum
FACT: 80% of the benefits of cash refunds go to the wealthiest 20% of retirees. #peoplesforum #auspol
We’ve got a comprehensive plan to close tax loopholes for top end of town, so we can reverse the Liberals’ cuts to schools and hospitals, and deliver stronger surpluses.  #peoplesforum #auspol
Labor will waive upfront fees for 100,000 students, enabling them to attend TAFE.  Find out more here: #peoplesforum #auspol
"What it means in TAFE is that we will pay the upfront fees for 100,000 people over the next three years." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"Every three year old will get access to kindy, and the Government's not doing anything to ensure that." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
FACT: Under the Liberals, Australia now has 150,000 fewer apprentices than we did in 2013. #peoplesforum #auspol
"If you think we're spending enough on education ask a whole lot of people across our government school system who says we could desperately use more." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"[I was] brought up on the power and value of teaching." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"We've seen the number of apprenticeships and traineeships drop dramatically under the current Government." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
FACT: A Shorten Labor Government will uncap university places – ensuring around 200,000 more Australians will get access to a university education over the next decade. #peoplesforum #auspol
"No country ever went backwards by investing in education." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
FACT: Labor will deliver an extra $14 billion for public schools over the next decade.  Find out how much your local public school will benefit under Labor here:  #peoplesforum #auspol
"We've agreed to fund universal pre-school... we make this choice because of other things we've decided not to do, like give tax cuts to the top end." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"Australia is not leading the world in the education of children at an early age." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
Labor knows there are many challenges facing established and emerging small businesses in this country, and we are committed to enabling and encouraging their success. Find out more here: #peoplesforum #auspol
"Social media platforms need to be a lot more accountable for what gets said on [them]." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"There is a lack of civility in the public debate." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
FACT.   #peoplesforum #auspol
"Multinationals, a lot of them who are paying very small amounts of tax, should be accountable to the taxation system of Australia." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
On the topic of franking credits, have you ever wondered how big someone's share portfolio needs to be to get a $5000 cash refund?  And they still get this gift, even if they don't pay income tax...   #peoplesforum #auspol
"There's no rational reason to give someone an income tax refund when they haven't paid income tax." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
#peoplesforum #auspol
Labor will reform dividend imputation so wealthy people who pay no income tax no longer get a cash refund simply for owning shares, in order to fund better schools and hospitals. #peoplesforum #auspol
FACT: Majority of $7b from multinationals raised from laws that the Liberals opposed. #peoplesforum #auspol
"This Government has had one economic plan for three years - give an $80 billion tax cut to big business." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"If multinationals are being so vigilantly watched by this 'anti-big business' government in Australia, why does big business pay so little tax?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
The Abbott-Turnbull-Morrison Government has spent most of its term prioritising an $80 billion tax cut for multinationals and big banks. #peoplesforum #auspol
Labor will deliver billions to the budget by closing tax loopholes used by multinationals and the top end of town, clamping down on tax havens, and increasing transparency. #peoplesforum #auspol
"This nation works best when middle class and working class people get a fair go." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"You can get an income tax check in the mail for owning shares even if you don't pay any income tax." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"I think we can afford to make multinationals pay their fair share." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"We're proposing 10 days [of Domestic Violence Leave]." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
Labor will legislate for 10 days paid domestic violence leave in the National Employment Standards. You can read more about our plans here:  #peoplesforum #auspol
"We believe that Domestic Violence Leave should be paid." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"If you're at work and you're in an abusive relationship and you need to change schools, you need to change locks... we're proposing to introduce Family Violence Leave." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
"I think we can do even more in terms of protecting women in violent situations." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
A Shorten Labor Government will make a record Commonwealth investment of over $660 million in the Fair Go  Action Plan to Reduce Violence against Women and their Children; more than doubling current funding and committing to long-term change. #peoplesforum #auspol
"We're a united team, we're stable, and we're for a fair go for all Australians." - @billshortenmp #auspol #peoplesforum
FACT: It's a forecast surplus built on short-changing the NDIS by $1.6b. #Leadersdebate #auspol
"Australia needs change. After 6 years of Coalition government, this country needs a change. The economy is not working for working and middle class people." - @billshortenmp #auspol #leadersdebate
Under Scott Morrison and the Liberals, the NDIS has been starved of resources so it isn’t delivering for people with disability like it was designed to.
“The truth is … the Liberal Party and the Coalition is not capable of dealing with climate change” - Malcolm Turnbull  That’s why only Labor has a plan to tackle climate change that will grow the economy, create thousands of new jobs, and lower power prices.
Over 70,000 Australians with a disability are missing out on NDIS funding due to the Liberals’ delays, capping of services, or lack of services altogether.   They don't deserve this. Labor created the NDIS, and will make sure it’s fully funded. #auspol 
This election is a choice between the Morrison-Palmer-One Nation coalition of chaos or Labor’s stable and united team.   And if you think Scott Morrison isn’t doing dodgy deals with fringe right-wing parties, think again. #auspol
Labor will establish an NDIS Future Fund – guaranteeing that every dollar budgeted for the NDIS, goes to the NDIS.   Labor’s NDIS Future Fund will be a locked box – a budgeted guarantee to Australians with disability that the NDIS will be properly and fully funded.
RT @billshortenmp:
This election is a choice between the Morrison-Palmer-One Nation coalition of chaos or Labor’s stable and united team.  Scott Morrison has serious questions to answer about his defence of the former Liberal candidate for Lyons and her Islamaphobic views. 
If the Liberal Party believed climate change is real, Malcolm Turnbull would still be Prime Minister. Instead they’ve been taken over by a bunch of climate change deniers.
If elected, in the first 100 days, Labor will legislate to reverse the cuts to penalty rates, restoring fair pay. We will change the laws to make sure they can’t be cut for anyone again.
Scott Morrison has cut schools, hospitals and penalty rates – the only thing he won’t cut is pollution because the Liberals are hopelessly divided and chaotic on climate change.
The right wing knuckle draggers in the Liberal Party are ignoring the cost of inaction on climate change – more natural disaster, higher power prices and lost jobs.
The Liberal Party, so far right it's wrong.
A Shorten Labor Government will ramp up support for the recreational fishing industry with a $55.5 million investment to renew ageing infrastructure, replenish native fish stocks in our rivers and create the first ever Prime Ministerial Roundtable on Recreational Fishing.
LIVE from Burnie: Announcing Labor's plans for a renewable energy jobs boom!
The Abbott-Turnbull-Morrison government of the last six years has brought nothing but uncertainty to the lives of Australians.   This time, with Clive Palmer added to the mix, the only thing the Liberals can guarantee is that the cuts and chaos will continue.
Renewable energy means more jobs, more investment, cheaper energy and lower pollution.   Labor’s commitment to 50 per cent renewables by 2030 will see up to 70,000 jobs created.
After six years of chaos from the Liberals, it’s starting to all boil over.  Time for a change in recipe.
Maybe he’s the problem? #auspol
Scott Morrison and his Liberal candidates are engulfed in chaos.
Morrison and the Liberals desperate preference deals with Palmer and One Nation will only deliver more cuts and chaos #auspol
The Liberals have a woman problem, and they’re the only ones who deny it. Australia deserves better #auspol
Only Labor has a plan to invest in renewable energy, modernise the electricity system, and bring power prices and pollution down.   The Liberals have nothing but a record of increasing prices and pollution and baseless scare campaigns.
Sarah Henderson consistently says one thing and does another. The people of Corangamite deserve better. #auspol
LIVE from Adelaide: Talking about Labor's plan to help with cost of living
Scott Morrison cut schools and cut hospitals - the only thing he won't cut is pollution.  Labor's plan delivers lower energy costs and acts on climate change to deliver a better deal for the next generation. #auspol
Cheaper and cleaner power, more jobs and more investment - that's what Labor will deliver
How can Morrison stand by while his party - @LNPQLD - does preference deals with sexist, racist One Nation candidates
I’ve discovered the secret to Elida’s energy. Two coffees and a Fair Go for Far North Queensland is driving the
With stiff competition, Bridget McKenzie is the worst minister in the worst government in Australian history. After racking
Vote for Scott Morrison and you'll just get more chaos, more cuts, and more Clive #auspol 
Morrison’s refusal to sack this disgrace of a candidate makes his call to “remove the demarcation lines between
Under Scott Morrison’s Liberals all you’ll get is cuts, chaos, and Clive Palmer. #auspol
Labor has a vision and a plan for a clean, affordable and reliable renewable energy future for Australia, and our Solar Schools program is just one part of that plan #auspol
A Shorten Labor Government will invest $2.4 billion in a Pensioner Dental Plan – giving up to three million older Australians access to free dental care.
This is what Scott Morrison's $1.6b NDIS underspend looks like. Labor will scrap his staffing cap, get the NDIS back
Our plan vs. their lack of a plan
Scott will bring the cuts. And Clive will bring the chaos. #auspol
A Shorten Labor Government will help Australian schools cut their energy bills and access cleaner energy by establishing a Solar Schools program to help schools access solar panels and battery storage.
Scott Morrison seemed to have a memory lapse during last night’s debate.   He might have forgotten about his deal with Clive Palmer, but the Australian people won’t. #auspol #LeadersDebate
The Morrison-Palmer-Hanson Coalition is looking particularly stable this morning.
Australia works best when every Australian gets a fair go.
Tonight we saw Bill Shorten outline a plan for a Fair Go for Australia while Scott Morrison dodged questions on cuts and Clive Palmer.   #auspol
The question from the audience in tonight’s #LeadersDebate on #frankingcredits cash payments came from a pensioner who
And @billshortenmp nails his closing in the #LeadersDebate 🎇 🎯
"The cost of not changing is that we hand on a worse environment to our kids." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"This country works best when everyone gets a fair go. And that's our motto - a Fair Go for All." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"If you want to have properly funded schools and hospitals, vote Labor. If you want real action on climate change and no more excuses, vote Labor." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"For the last 6 years, when you vote for Tony Abbott you got Malcolm Turnbull. When you voted for Malcolm Turnbull you got Scott Morrison. Maybe when you vote for Scott Morrison you'll get Pauline Hanson. The chaos has to stop." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
FACT: The Liberals’ record is cuts and chaos.   And they can’t run on their vision for the future, because they haven’t got one.  #LeadersDebate #auspol
"On mental health, Scott, I reckon you're doing good work and I look forward to us working our policies more closely together." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"The Nationals are [Scott Morrison's] Coalition partners, but only when it's convenient." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"[Clive Palmer] is the unicorn of Liberal politics." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"We've had 6 years of chaos under the current government. How on earth did this Government, and Mr Morrison, manage to get themselves taken hostage by the chaos of Mr Palmer and Ms Hanson?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"I think it's downright cheeky of [Clive Palmer], who basically got a taxpayer loan for not paying his debts, is spending all this money on advertising." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
FACT: Scott Morrison thinks Clive Palmer would be good for the economy.  Workers and the taxpayer were left $70 million out-of-pocket when Clive Palmer's Queensland Nickel went bust #LeadersDebate #auspol
"What role is Clive Palmer playing in this election? I think he's playing a really chaotic role." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
FACT: Scott Morrison’s desperate deal with Clive Palmer can only mean more cuts and more chaos. #LeadersDebate #auspol
FACT: A vote for the Liberals is a vote for Clive Palmer and a vote for Clive Palmer is a vote for the Liberals. #LeadersDebate #auspol
"Do you really think it's fair that someone who doesn't pay income tax... gets a tax refund?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
.@ScottMorrisonMPis just telling untruths about Labor’s policy on #frankingcredits  #LeadersDebate
FACT: Under Labor's Pensioner Guarantee if you're on a part or full pension or Commonwealth Government allowance you're exempt from Labor's reforms to dividend imputation #LeadersDebate #auspol
FACT: A Shorten Labor Government will reform dividend imputation so wealthy people who pay no income tax no longer get a cash refund simply for owning shares, in order to fund better schools and hospitals. #LeadersDebate #auspol
Why do you think Australians have voted early?  @billshortenmp: “Because people want to change the government.”  The
FACT: Scott Morrison spent $180 million of taxpayer's money to hold a press conference on Christmas Island #LeadersDebate #auspol
"Why did you vote 8 times against restoring penalty rates?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"[Scott Morrison] seems to have a problem when I say let's have our penalty rates back." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
FACT: Scott Morrison voted 8 times to support cuts to penalty rates and said it would lead to more jobs... it didn't #LeadersDebate #auspol 
"We want to clamp down on dodgy 457 Visas." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"Wages growth in this country under this government is at record lows." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
FACT: Only Labor will fight for higher wages for workers.  #LeadersDebate #auspol
FACT: This is how emissions have gone up under the Liberals #LeadersDebate #auspol
"It's very hard to buy an electric car in Australia... because we've got a Government stuck in the past." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"We're going to take on the Government's scare campaign because quite frankly if we don't we're selling out our kids' future." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"This government's finding too many excuses not to act." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
FACT: The Liberal Party is full of climate sceptics and hopelessly divided on climate change. #LeadersDebate #auspol
"If they were fair dinkum about climate change, Malcolm Turnbull would still be Prime Minister." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"Our policy is about working with business, making sure we've got least-cost abatement." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"If we don't real action on climate change, that'll be a disaster for our economy." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
FACT: There is only one political party serious about doing something on climate change - Labor. That is because we are determined to pass on a better deal to the next generation. #LeadersDebate #auspol
"On climate change, the nation's sick of the fact that we're still arguing about it." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"People want to see us take real action on climate change." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"People are voting early because they want to change the government." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"You vote Morrison, you get Palmer and Hanson." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"To be trusted, we want to trust people. So we put our policies out there. We've been up front with people about what we're going to do and how we're going to pay for it." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
FACT: Their forecast budget surplus is built on a $1.6 billion underspend that shortchanges the NDIS and the people that rely on it #LeadersDebate #auspol
Why should you trust Scott Morrison?  Malcolm Turnbull shouldn't have... #LeadersDebate #auspol
"Labor understands that when you get a fair go in this country, then everyone benefits." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"We understand this country works best when everyone gets a fair go." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"There's a million Australians doing two jobs, and there's a million Australians who are underemployed." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"We'll help close to a million Australian households with their childcare costs." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
"I want 3 million pensioners to be able to access dental care. I want the world's best education system - 3 and 4 year olds going to kindy." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
FACT: This election is a choice- a choice between Labor's plan for better hospitals and better schools or bigger tax handouts for the top end of town and cuts to schools and hospitals under the Liberals #LeadersDebate
"I believe that when we invest in people, when we aim to be the best, there's no holding us back." - @billshortenmp #auspol #LeadersDebate
FACT: Net debt has doubled on the Liberals' watch #LeadersDebate
FACT: Scott Morrison and the Liberals have cut $700 million from hospitals and $14 billion from schools #LeadersDebate
Watching the debate tonight? Here’s what to expect from Scott Morrison. #auspol
Scott Morrison is doing deals with Clive Palmer in a desperate attempt to cling to power. So who’s really pulling the strings in the Liberal Party now? #auspol
My oped in @10Daily today. Inland Rail Is A Train Wreck. This Is The Only Way To Get It Back On Track
It’s a simple choice for me - cheaper child care for families, not bigger tax loopholes for the top end of town.
t’s no surprise that Dan Tehan is just as out of touch as Scott Morrison and the rest of the Liberals.  Child care is a critical service for helping mums and dads get back to work across Australia. #auspol
The Liberals have struck a preference deal with a man whose company hasn’t paid its workers.   Clive Palmer has spent millions on advertising talking about Australia’s future, but the only future he’s really interested in securing is his own. #auspol
What worries me is that Scott Morrison is so desperate he's prepared to to do a deal. We know that Clive Palmer does
Scott Morrison + Clive Palmer are the same. Morrison can afford to protect every tax loophole for the top end of
Proud to announce our $200m Urban Rivers policy with ⁦@Tony_Burke⁩ at #CupandSaucerCreek wetlands on the #CooksRiver
ANNOUNCEMENT | A Shorten Labor Government will invest $800,000 to secure the future of Cessnock Swimming Pool. The
We’ve got a plan for better schools and hospitals. Scott Morrison has dodgy deals with Clive Palmer, more cuts and more chaos.  Find out more tonight. #auspol
High-fives for Labor’s plan to help families with the cost of child care 🙏
Under the Liberals, the costs of child care has gone up 28 per cent, costing families using long day care $3,000 more a year.
2 in 5 deaths of people with intellectual disability are preventable  @AustralianLabor will invest $9.5m to improve
Why isn’t Malcolm Turnbull the Prime Minister anymore?
LIVE from Perth: Labor is making child care cheaper!
This is an actual headline.  The Liberals actually said cheaper childcare was communism.
The Liberals’ record is cuts and chaos. And they can’t run on their vision for the future, because they haven’t got one. #auspol
Check out Labor’s plan to improve the NBN here:
Under Scott Morrison’s Liberals, Australia’s broadband continues to fall behind the pack in global internet rankings.   Only Labor has presented a credible strategy to steadily improve speeds and reliability on the NBN. #auspol  
Labor is turning up at the Battle of Ideas with policies. More than two weeks into the election and not one substantial
Why I'm fighting for Medicare.
A small glimpse into the chaos of a Morrison/Palmer/Hanson Coalition #auspol 
Scott Morrison is doing deals with extreme and chaotic minor parties in a desperate attempt to cling to power.    A vote for the Liberals is a vote for Clive Palmer and a vote for Clive Palmer is a vote for the Liberals. #auspol
The best, most honest part of this video is from  @M_McCormackMP 👇😉
A Shorten Labor Government will deliver massive cost of living relief for nearly one million Australian families struggling with the costs of child care with a $4 billion investment in early education.
A Shorten Labor Government will invest $2.4 billion in a Pensioner Dental Plan – giving up to three million older Australians access to free dental care.
Every single family in Australia earning up to $174,000 will get cheaper child care with Labor.
Workers &amp; the taxpayer were left $70 million out-of-pocket when Clive Palmer's Queensland Nickel went bust.  Now Scott Morrison has done a deal with him in a desperate attempt to cling to power.   A vote for the Liberals is a vote for Clive Palmer, &amp; a vote for more cuts &amp; chaos.
The #FairGoExpress is in terrific hands today with @kimbakit - looking forward to getting back on board later this week. 
Bill Shorten and Labor are here and ready to fight against the Liberals’ cuts to hospitals, schools and the pension.
Australia can look after families, children, pensioners &amp; low-paid workers — once we choose to stop spending billions on
A Shorten Labor Government will deliver massive cost of living relief for nearly one million families struggling with the costs of child care.  Every single family in Australia earning up to $174,000 will get cheaper child care with Labor.
Scott Morrison’s desperate deal with Clive Palmer can only mean more cuts and more chaos. #auspol
Morrison and the Liberals are cutting schools and hospitals and doing desperate deals with Clive Palmer. The Liberals are consumed by cuts and chaos. #auspol
LIVE from our volunteer rally in Melbourne - 20 days to go!
Big news! @AustralianLabor will make child care cheaper for nearly one million families.
Ok, so it’s not that ⁦@billshortenmp⁩ and I have become #BlueMen it’s just the effect of a ⁦@monamuseum⁩ display 😳
While Labor is making child care cheaper for families, Morrison and the Liberals are cutting schools and hospitals and doing desperate deals with Clive Palmer.   The Liberals are consumed by cuts and chaos.
We’re making child care cheaper.  Because that’s more important than handouts to the top end of town.  
Labor will deliver massive cost of living relief for nearly one million families struggling with the costs of child
If Labor is successful at the election, we are on track to be the first national government in Australian history with around half its members being women.  Labor will always support women’s representation in politics and in Parliaments across Australia. #auspol
Scott Morrison is doing deals with chaotic minor parties in a desperate attempt to cling to power.  Australia cannot risk the most extreme right-wing government in Australia’s history. #auspol
This election, send Scott Morrison a message and send him and his right-wing mates like Clive Palmer and Pauline Hanson packing. #auspol
Scott Morrison’s desperate deals with extreme right wing parties means more chaos and more cuts for Australians. #auspol
When in Hobart: visit MONA, hit the markets, hang out with the locals!  Tourism is a big part of the Tasmanian economy
Scott Morrison had a choice between standing up for ripped off workers or sucking up to a tosser. He chose the tosser. He
👇 ⁦@ScottMorrisonMP⁩’s candidate.  Also remember that ⁦Scott Morrison: 1. argued for a plebiscite on marriage equality  2.
Announcing our $120m Tasmanian Tourism Package ⁦@monamuseum⁩ with ⁦@billshortenmp⁩
LIVE from Hobart: announcing a game-changer for Tassie tourism that will deliver hundreds of new jobs.
Scott Morrison is doing deals with extreme and chaotic minor parties in a desperate attempt to cling to power. A vote for the Liberals and Nationals guarantees more cuts and chaos. #auspol
Labor is committed to ending family violence.   Find out more about our plan to end violence against women at:
If you’re caught up in the frightening, dangerous ordeal of family violence what you need is practical help, real money and concrete support on the frontline.    And that’s what a Labor government will deliver. #auspol  
LIVE: launching Labor's plan for gender equality
Great to support the fantastic @LMChesters in Bendigo. #FairGo #auspol #ausvotes
Lots of support amongst Aston locals  for Labor’s commitment to two years of pre-school education for every child.  
Equality for Australian women is at the heart of Labor’s mission.   That’s why we’re committed equality in pay, in opportunity, in leadership and in freedom from violence.   Find out about Labor’s plan for equality at:
LIVE from Melbourne - Equality for the women of Australia is at the heart of Labor's vision for the future.
The #BillBus hits Footscray for our Bike Paths announcement with ⁦@TimWattsMP⁩
The hard truth is that while our willingness to talk about family violence has changed, the number of deaths has not.
The greatest legacy of Anzac is the free country we call home. The peace we live in. The democracy we vote in. We can
Lest We Forget.
It’s no wonder the Liberals cut $14 billion from public schools.
Let’s make May 18 a referendum on wages. Let’s put workers and wages ahead of multinationals.
This election is a choice. A choice between jobs and a choice between more cuts from Scott Morrison.
#ICYMI Yesterday Labor announced our full suite of policies for LGBTIQ Australians, including the appointment of an
I've spent my adult life standing up for blue-collar workers - fighting for fair pay, better conditions, safer
Labor will change the law so that casuals doing the same job for 12 months have the right to request a permanent
Liberal candidate Kate Ashmor rates our public school teachers as second best. She won’t stand up for our public schools and students. She’ll just back in Scott Morrison’s education cuts. #auspol
Are you one of the 10,000 people who have volunteered for Labor this campaign?  This is Jesse, our 10,000th volunteer.  Jesse signed up online and you can too! It’s easy, just go to
Too many Australians are employed as casuals with no clear prospect of a permanent position.      Labor will change the law to allow workers the right to request permanent part time or full time employment after 12 months with the same employer. #auspol 
I met Malcolm in Townsville today. Malcolm has been casual for most of his working life and has only recently received a
LIVE from Townsville: Announcing Labor's plan to deliver better protections for casual workers.
On the day before early voting opens, will you join the rally on Sunday in Victoria with Bill Shorten to make him the next Prime Minister of Australia?    Places are limited so registration is essential! Register 👇
Breakfast with @TerritoryLabor women ❤️
Great to join to Kier Shorey at ABC Far North to talk about a Shorten Labor Government's plan to back the Mossman
Today @manwiththemo and I announced that @AustralianLabor will commit $588,000 to support the work of
"Gay conversion therapy" always seemed like a nonsense name to me. It's not therapy. It's cruel, it’s harmful, it’s
Labor will crackdown on 457-style visa rorts to ensure local workers are given the first shot at local jobs.   This election is a choice between Labor’s plan to protect Australian jobs and wages, or bigger tax loopholes for the top end of town under the Liberals.
This is $80 million of taxpayers’ money that cannot be swept under the rug by the out of touch Liberals and Nationals.
Everything is going up except workers’ wages, and the HelloWorld scandal just proves that the Liberals are out of touch and only for the top end of town. 
Tax facts #auspol #politas
A big day for cycling in Australia! Something I've been campaigning for over a number of years now. Stay tuned for
Thanks to these Central Coast kids who came to our National Bike Paths Strategy with ⁦@Emma4Dobell⁩ ⁦@PatConroy1⁩ and
Thanks to ⁦@stephenhodgeaus⁩ and ⁦@WeRideAustralia⁩ for your strong advocacy for our $260m National Bike Paths Strategy
The #fairgoexpress and @KKeneally in Bendigo today to announce Labor’s $600 000 commitment to top up @GreaterBendigo and
LIVE from Gladstone: speaking to workers about our plans for jobs and wages.
Media Conference with ⁦@NSWFarmers⁩ President James Jackson and Taskforce Chair Adrian Lyons announcing Independent Inquiry
LIVE from Gladstone: Announcing Labor's plan to crackdown on 457-style visa rorts, ensuring local workers are given
Scott Morrison supports moves to cut workers’ wages but is happy to give millionaires an $11,000 a year tax cut.   Only Labor will restore penalty rates and fight to properly compensate those who are at work when the rest of us have time off. #auspol
The Liberals and Nationals cut penalty rates, keep wages low and put local workers last.  Only Labor will deliver a
Tragically, we have learned in the last few hours that two of our fellow Australians have been cruelly murdered and
'Not my job': Barnaby Joyce angrily rejects criticism over controversial water buyback
LNP Senate candidate Gerard Rennick has let the cat out of the bag. If Morrison &amp; the LNP are re-elected at this election, there will be even bigger tax breaks for the big banks &amp; foreign multinationals paid for by bigger cuts to hospitals and schools. 
Thank you to the thousands of Australians who are working this Easter. A Shorten Labor Government will legislate to reverse the cuts to penalty rates and restore fair pay. #auspol
Scott Morrison voted 8 times in support of penalty rate cuts - cuts that will leave some workers up to $26,000 worse
If Scott Morrison and the Liberals are elected on 18 May, cuts to penalty rates will leave fast food workers up to $10,000 worse off.
Scott Scissorhands – He was made to cut.  Scott Morrison and the Liberals and Nationals can’t be trusted when it comes to vital services like schools, hospitals and the NDIS
If Scott Morrison and the Liberals are elected on 18 May, cuts to penalty rates will leave retail workers up to $16,000 worse off.
LIVE from Cairns with lots to talk about. We're reversing the Liberals' cuts to penalty rates, investing in regional
Scott Morrison's cuts to penalty rates will leave workers up to $26,000 worse off over the next three years. The only
Hint: they all did, but it doesn’t matter which one because they’ll always prioritise the top end of town.
Veterans deserve to be rightly honoured and supported. That’s why Labor will increase funeral benefits for veterans, increase mental health services, and we’ll keep the Department of Veterans’ Affairs intact.
She's the best. 
Labor utterly condemns the attack on Sri Lanka's churches and hotels on one of the most holy days for Christians.  An
Devastating news out of Sri Lanka. Innocent people killed and injured while at prayer. Our solidarity and sympathy to
From my family to yours, have a safe and happy Easter.
Happy Easter.
Scott Morrison’s cuts hurt, but especially on the long weekend. He cut schools, he cut hospitals - and he voted eight times to cut penalty rates.  Only Labor will reverse the Liberals’ cuts to penalty rates. #auspol 
Working this holiday weekend? See how Scott Morrison’s Penalty Rate cuts will hurt your pay. #auspol
Special shout out to all the amazing volunteers helping our fantastic candidates like the incredible @alifrance5!  Want to get involved? Find out how at #auspol
Today, Australian pensioners are all asking one big question: will Scott Morrison cut the pension to pay for his multi-billion dollar tax cuts for the top end of town?  #auspol
A big thank you to all the doctors, nurses, paramedics and other health professionals working this Easter Holidays 🐣
I spent 15 years representing the interests of workers in the hospitality industry. I know how important penalty
The AMA has today revealed the impact to our health system of six years of the Liberals’ cuts and chaos. @AustralianLabor
Imagine tweeting this the same day the AMA says our public hospitals are “chronically underfunded”, doctors and
If the Government is willing to cut $700 million from our hospitals to balance their budget, what are they willing to cut next? #auspol
Wages, jobs, penalty rates, pensions and hospitals were the big topics of discussion with locals at Beckley Park Market
In the ten day period from Good Friday, workers will be left up to hundreds of dollars worse off because of penalty rate cuts.  Scott Morrison voted in support of these penalty rate cuts eight times.  The only way to save your penalty rates is to vote the Liberals out. #auspol
If you see a text message or post suggesting Labor will introduce a death or inheritance tax, call it out for the lie
To everyone working over the long weekend, thank you.  Only @AustralianLabor will reverse Scott Morrison’s cuts to
There’s only hours left to make sure you are on the electoral roll - don’t miss out on having your say this election.
Scott Morrison has spent the last five years – including three as Treasurer – trying to cut the pension and increase the pension age to 70.   A leopard never changes its spots – pension cuts are in the Liberal-Nationals DNA.
Last weekend, @BowenChris called Jade to thank her for her donation to our campaign to deliver a fair go for Australia. Our campaign relies on our incredible grassroots movement of volunteers and small donations that keep us going. Donate today at
“[Electric Vehicles] not only produce a good economic dividend for consumers, but also a better environmental outcome] the industry has now real momentum in Europe, Asia and North America, which will inevitably be replicated here” – Josh Frydenberg (2018)
A Shorten Labor Government will prioritise the health and wellbeing of First Nations people by delivering a $115.1 million package that will put First Australians at the centre of decision-making – from primary care delivery to health research.
Scott Morrison loves to cut. He’s cut schools, hospitals &amp; pensions. Now he has a plan to cut $40 billion more in order to
Labor will contribute $130,000 towards a horticulture training centre at Wynyard High. @AustralianLabor will fund
Only Labor has a plan for Australian manufacturing.
At Lindum Station with ⁦@JoBriskey⁩ announcing ⁦@AustralianLabor⁩ support for removal of level crossing
LIVE from Darwin: Speaking about Labor's plans to invest more in hospitals and Indigenous health
Today’s the last day to enrol! Don’t risk a fine, enrol at #auspol
Do you know any Labor supporters in London, Hong Kong, Singapore, New York, Shanghai, Berlin or other large overseas cities? #auspol
You have 31 days left to make a difference. Sign up to volunteer today:
If I've got a choice between paying for better cancer care or paying for bigger tax loopholes for the top end of
A Shorten Labor Government will give Australians with leukaemia and blood cancer access to new drugs and therapies that could save their life. #auspol
What will Mr Morrison cut to pay for his tax handouts to the top end of town? Hospitals? Schools? Pensions? The ABC? 
The Institute of Public Affairs wants the Liberals to sell off your ABC.  Only Labor will stand up for the ABC but we need your help in getting the message out about these destructive, far-right privatisation ideas.
LIVE from Perth: Announcing $20 million to give Australians with leukaemia better access to clinical trial and
The Liberal’s high income tax cuts are unfair, irresponsible, and off on the never never. By the time they are rolled out
The IPA might call it a wish list, but we all know that means it's on the Liberal Party's to do list. Only Labor can
If Scott Morrison's Liberals are re-elected, Australia faces more cuts to the ABC; more cuts to schools and hospitals; and less action on climate change than ever.  Only Labor will protect Australians from Morrison's cuts. #auspol 
Capricornia MP Michelle Landry on @RNBreakfast now, pretending to care about coal miners. Where was she when the mining
The only way the Liberals can pay for their tax handouts to the top end of town is by cutting schools and hospitals again. #auspol
I want to get our country’s priorities back on track by properly funding our schools &amp; hospitals, &amp; creating real
Don’t let these dinosaurs get away with more cuts to schools and hospitals. Enrol to vote by 8PM Thursday!     🦖 🦖  #auspol
$40 billion a year of cuts necessary to fund LNP tax cuts. Their own budget says so. What are they ⁦@ScottMorrisonMP⁩?
When Peter Dutton said Ali France was using her disability 'as an excuse', he blamed his constituents for his offensive
The Liberals have cut $14 billion from schools - and reports today say they'll need to cut more to pay for their tax
Liberal leadership remains in chaos with Tony Abbott threatening a comeback this morning. #auspol
LIVE from Adelaide: the only way the Liberals can pay for their tax handouts to the top end of town is by cutting
The Pyree Hall is packed full of passionate locals ready to elect @fiboydphillips as the next member for Gilmore. 👏🏼
What will they cut next to pay for this?  The only way the Liberals can pay for their tax handouts to the top end of
You have until 8PM this Thursday to enrol to vote and have a hand in changing the country. Be like Penny and get enrolled.      👉 👈 #auspol
Australians have a clear choice at this election: better schools and hospitals for all Australians with Labor, or bigger
Australians stuck on hospital waiting lists will get the essential surgery they need faster with a Shorten Labor Government.  As part of Labor’s $2.8 billion Better Hospitals Fund, we will dedicate $250 million to blitz elective surgery waiting lists in public hospitals. #auspol
Unlike Clive, I’m not just a billboard in #melbswest #gellibrand
If you don't enrol to vote, these dinosaurs will continue to roam: 👇 #auspol
Thanks @BioenAustralia for hosting the panel today on why this #auspol election is the #ClimateElection.
Stop the cuts in Deakin #auspol
LIVE from Melbourne: Labor will blitz hospital waiting lists which have blown out under the Liberals, because we
How much will Peter Dutton and the Liberals stand up for Victorians? Let's check. #auspol
LIVE FROM MELBOURNE speaking to workers about how Labor's Fair Go Action Plan will affect them.
A Shorten Labor Government will blitz hospital waiting lists, which have blown out under the Liberals and Nationals, because we believe in more money for hospitals, not multinationals. #auspol #ausvotes  
This nation needs a leader that gets it. It needs a party with a plan for the future, and it needs a Government that will deliver a fair go for all Australians. That is what we will deliver, that is our promise." @billshortenmp
34 days to go. We won’t let you down.
Give us your best #BillBusSelfie!  👇 #auspol
#team
Trish shared her story with me, and I want to share it with you.  If you are battling cancer, I want you focused on
Labor believes access to healthcare should depend on your Medicare card, not your credit card.   Bill Shorten and Labor will deliver a fair go for all Australians, not just the top end of town.
With ⁦@walabor⁩ team members James Martin, Melissa Teede, Hannah Beazley and ⁦@mattkeogh⁩ on the Swan Riverfront after our
Perfect doorknocking weather.
Today I’m out Door Knocking with @Des_Hardman’s Forde team in Waterford at Woodlands District Park. We’re taking to
Wonderful to hear more of Labor’s investment in hospitals at volunteers event today
This dog is cute but Scott Morrison’s $2.8 billion cut from public hospitals to pay for handouts to multinationals is
Be involved in changing Australia for the better. Sign up to volunteer at
LIVE FROM BURWOOD - Join me speaking to Labor volunteers about our Fair Go Action Plan #auspol
At the volunteers event in Burwood in the seat of Reid. ⁦⁦@SamPCrosby⁩ is a fantastic candidate and would make a great
Getting ready to welcome ⁦@billshortenmp⁩ &amp; ⁦@tanya_plibersek⁩ here in Burwood
With this legend at the Labor Volunteers rally in Sydney this morning. #Auspol @SenatorDoug
Scott Morrison will cut $2.8 billion from public hospitals to pay for handouts to multinationals. Only a vote for Labor will stop Morrison’s cuts.
Labor is united and ready to govern, but we need your help to get over the line. Get involved, get active, and help us deliver a fair go for all Australians – not just the top end of town: #auspol
Last night we launched Labor’s campaign for Griffith. I couldn’t be prouder to represent Southsiders and I’m delighted
.@billshortenmp Town Hall on the Central Coast today #auspol
LIVE from Gosford - Labor will invest more in saving people from skin cancer.
My first Park Run this morning!   with the fabulous @anne_charlton &amp; @billshortenmp in Robertson - #FairGoExpress
How can Jetset George Christensen possibly justify the $82,505 he received while he was overseas? Cutting hospital
Will you have your say at the next Federal election? Make sure you’re enrolled at #auspol
Ready to go ⁦@AustralianLabor⁩ #TeamBlaxland
As part of rebuilding the aid program, Labor will fund ‘Tax Inspectors Without Borders’, a program that has in some cases
Elections are important. But so is music. Today is Record Store Day. In 2017 I was proud to be the official Australian
Join @SwannyQLD and Labor in the battle of ideas by signing up to volunteer at
Katie’s story is what motivates me this election - better support for cancer patients, not bigger tax loopholes for
What Tanya said.
Great to join @alifrance5 to meet with local aged care workers in Strathpine this afternoon. We must do more to
#FairGoExpress rolled into the seat of Banks this afternoon with @chrisgambian &amp; his crew aboard to talk with people at
Moments from the Bill Bus with Bill Shorten and Kristina Keneally 🚍🎈 #auspol
There has been widespread outrage and condemnation of Peter Dutton after it was reported he said that a woman with a
The choice is clear - a united Labor team determined to deliver a fair go or the Liberals and Nationals chaos only
Scott Morrison needs to condemn Peter Dutton’s comments and make him apologise today. 
Australians have a clear choice on May 18th: better schools and hospitals for all Australians with Labor or bigger tax loopholes for the top end of town under Morrison and the Liberals.   Find out more at #auspol
LIVE FROM SYDNEY: Announcing $125 million in additional cancer research funding - giving our world-class researchers
Popped into Computer Pals in Bankstown. They provide fantastic 1 on 1 free computer training for local seniors. Proud
This is important.  #auspol
.@ScottMorrisonMP is flat out lying, or he doesn’t know his own Climate Solutions Policy.    @natalie_barr is absolutely
First they cut money from the NDIS, now they’re attacking candidates with a disability.  There is nothing these people
The election has been called! Make sure you’re enrolled at #auspol
Day 2 of Campaign starting out at Fawkner station on a beautiful bright (but fresh) morning. Great to talk to locals
Labor will deliver a fair go for Australia. #auspol
Labor will deliver a fair go for Australia.
Our campaign is powered by the grassroots support of thousands of Australians who have put their hand up to volunteer.   If you’re interested in getting involved, like Aggi’s mum, you can sign up here:
Saving $27.5 billion dollars in fuel costs? Now that’s a fair go. ​​​​ #auspol
The election has been called and we need your help to get our message out! We're committed to delivering a fair go for Australia - can you help us keep the Bill Bus on the road? 🚍
Our Medicare Cancer Plan will deliver cheaper cancer scans, cheaper cancer specialist consultations and cheaper
The Liberals have spent five years fighting each other. Isn't it time to end the chaos? #auspol
Thousands of Australians are out every day, fighting for better wages, fighting to fix our schools and hospitals, fighting for real action on climate change, fighting for our future.   Want to be a part of the good fight? #auspol
LIVE: Australians have a clear and vital choice to make about the future of our country
Within all the huffing and puffing by @ScottMorrisonMP on electric 🚙 , some inconvenient facts, starting with:    The
After a week of Labor Senators exposing his chaos, division and waste, the PM was clearly not prepared to risk today’s
This election is a choice between a fair go for Australia with Labor, or more cuts and chaos with the Liberals.   It’s a choice between better schools and hospitals, or bigger tax loopholes for the top end of town.
Scott Morrison voted:  👉 8 times to cut penalty rates  👉 26 times to block the banking royal commission  👉 7 times to cut
Good morning from Moonee Ponds! I'm ready to deliver a fair go for Australia. Who's with me?
It’s on.  Labor is united. Labor has a plan. Labor is ready.  Labor will deliver a fair go for all Australians.  Are you with us?   Find out more about our Fair Go Action Plan at #auspol
Labor is ready.
It’s time👇
Ready.
One of the consequences of calling an election on a Thursday instead of Sunday is to stop Senate Estimates hearings. In
Time to deliver a fair go for Australia.
Voting starts in just over two weeks - and the Liberals still haven’t picked a candidate for Blaxland 🤷🏻‍♂️ #auspol
Labor goes to this election with the policy agenda for the future. We have the experienced, united team to implement it
Imagine being such a shambles of a government that you can’t even call an election without stuffing it up.  #auspol
Electric vehicles and cleaner cars are part of the future – Scott Morrison and the Liberals and Nationals are stuck in the past.
A Shorten Labor Government will launch the most significant push to cut Australia’s smoking rates since the introduction of plain packaging, with a $63.4 million investment in driving down rates of lung cancer and introducing the next National Tobacco Campaign.
Australians have waited long enough. It’s time for Scott Morrison to call the election. #auspol
Awkward! #auspol 
LIVE from Harwood Sugar Mill talking to workers with Patrick Deegan, Labor’s candidate for Page.
A very important safety announcement coming to you from @KKeneally.   Welcome to the Fair Go Express! #auspol
Thousands of Australians are out every day, fighting for our future. Want to be a part of the good fight? Join up at: #auspol
Health officials tell #Estimates the decision to launch multi-million dollar ad campaigns in the weeks leading up to
Labor will slash waiting times for cancer treatment and surgery in public hospitals, with a $500 million investment across Australia. #auspol
👇
Amazing technology, isn't it Greg?
Bushfire seasons are getting longer and more intense.   This is a big warning from former Australian fire and
Under Labor, if you are battling cancer, you can focus on getting well, without worrying about going broke. #auspol
“Quite a few fails”
Morrison says it’s the end of the HiLux. Toyota says nah, we are making electric versions of them too - and within six
The Coalition refuses to take on Big Tobacco. Probably because they’re still taking donations from them.  Labor
Make sure you have your say this upcoming election. You have the choice between preparing an Australia for 2028, not 2000 and late.    To enrol or to update your enrolment, go to:. #auspol
Here's a sneak peek of an ad we're launching tonight.   The PM is delaying the election so he can spend taxpayers’ money on advertising.      We need your help to counter this abuse of taxpayer funds. Can you help us keep this ad on the air? Donate at
Instead of using their own money to fund their election campaign, the Liberal Party is using yours.  Tell Scott Morrison to stop selling out Australians. #auspol
Massive crowd at The Glenferrie Hotel to launch ⁦@JanaforKooyong⁩ ‘s campaign with our ⁦@DanielAndrewsMP⁩ #lookoutjosh
"Our commitment is to deliver very fast broadband to all Australians sooner, cheaper and more with a download data rate of between 25 and 100 megabits per second by late 2016.” - Malcolm Turnbull (2013). #auspol
Major health announcement for the Bayside today with Labor committing $29.2M to build a stand alone child &amp; youth health
LIVE from Gladstone: We're cutting the costs of fighting cancer, and cutting waiting lists too.
We all know the damage done to the National Broadband Network by the Liberals over the past six years.  Labor's plan is about delivering a better experience for consumers, and positioning the NBN for the future.   Find out more at
I’ve taken over the #FairGoExpress today. First stop: announcing $29.2 million for child and maternal health
Mansfield Cricket Club 3rd Division superstar ⁦@MurrayWatt⁩ joins the Bill Bus #FairGoExpress as we head to Bonner this
So many Liberal Ministers were happy to take a Tesla for a spin in front of the cameras.  Now they're silent as Scott
Battling cancer can put you in debt and or keep you stuck on a waiting list for too long.  Bill Shorten &amp; Labor want to change that. If you're in the fight of your life, we want you getting the care you deserve - not paying more or waiting longer. #auspol
The @australian claims this group doesn’t like our Medicare Cancer Plan.  That’s kinda weird because they’ve
Rally on Brisbane’s Northside for Labor candidates @AnikaWells @SusanLambMP @alifrance5 @Corinne4Petrie @tanya_plibersek &amp;
ScoMos go-slow on calling an election hasn’t stopped our supporters. Great turnout in Moss Vale to kick off our
Battling cancer can put you in debt and or keep you stuck on a waiting list for too long.  I want to change that. If
Read this and share. Scott Morrison is a liar.  #auspol  Medicare cancer cost: Prime Minister Scott Morrison caught
If you are battling cancer, you should be able to just focus on getting well, without worrying about going broke.
🔥🔥🔥 #auspol
The Liberals’ priorities are all wrong. Under the Liberals, an investment banker gets a tax cut of more than $11,000 a year while low-income workers get less than $5 a week.
Scott Morrison is delaying the election so he can spend more than four million dollars of taxes advertising himself.    He should listen to his own advice and call an election.
LIVE FROM THE ROYAL BRISBANE AND WOMEN’S HOSPITAL
Tragically, cancer kills more children than any other disease. A Shorten Labor Government will ensure the brave families dealing with cancer around Australia are supported with more money for support services and more money for cancer research. #auspol 
A perfect Brissy morning for a run with the @brisbanebroncos women’s team. And thank you for the new running shirt!
More chaos in the Morrison Government, this time in the LNP - reported in @couriermail today.
Every day Scott Morrison delays, he’s spending more than half a million dollars of your taxes on himself. That’s $600,000 every single day. #auspol 
This election, more than ever, your voice will matter.   If you're not enrolled to vote, or not sure, you can check at. It takes a minute, but your voice will decide Australia's future
No parent of a child with cancer should ever have to worry about paying for things like scans.
Labor's Medicare Cancer Plan will take some of the pressure off people like Ezra’s parents, so they can focus on
The election date may not have been set yet but our volunteers have been hitting the streets and the phones.  Now is the time to get involved.  Sign up to volunteer at
LIVE from Melbourne's Royal Children's Hospital. Labor’s Medicare Cancer Plan will mean when a child is sick, the
Well this is a bit #awkward   “A global revolution in electric vehicles is underway and with the right preparation, planning
Scott Morrison, Angus Taylor and the Liberals are starting to roll out a truly desperate campaign against electric cars
Scott Morrison is delaying the election so he can spend more than four million dollars of taxes advertising himself.  The Liberals can delay all they like, Labor is ready. We've go the right team and the right policies to give all Australians a fair go.
Gets better every year. And the shorter course means I’m getting faster, right @runforthekids?
Can’t wait for my 13th @runforthekids this morning. A great event for a really important cause. See you out there!
The latest announcement in our Medicare Cancer Plan - more cancer support nurses to help Australians prostate and
A Shorten Labor Government will deliver vital upgrades to cancer centres across the country with a $300 million investment designed to bring cancer treatment closer to patients’ homes.
@Bowenchris For the record, Labor will:  1. Fix our schools and hospitals.  2. Ease pressure on family budgets.   3.
I don’t remember putting this in our Fair Go Action Plan @Bowenchris ....
Labor believes it should be your Medicare card, not your credit card, which guarantees access to quality health care in Australia. #auspol
If you believe that the most important things are family and health, and passing on a better Australia than you inherited, when you cast your vote in May choose a Labor government for all Australians.
The election will be called any day now, and we need your help to guarantee a fair go for all Australians. Will you get involved? 👇
And, of course, pensioners are not affected.   Pensioners will always be better off under Labor.
Scott Morrison will call the election within days, and the choice couldn't be more clear.   We have a positive plan for health, education, and proper support for the NDIS.   Under the Liberals you'll get the same old cuts and chaos. 
This week Australians saw competing visions of our future. Under Labor, Australians can look forward to a better, fairer, Australia that works in the interests of everyone. The Liberals and Nationals are divided, out of touch and only for the top end of town.
More than 4,000 people in the Illawarra put off medical treatment each year because they can’t afford it. Sadly 250
BREAKING: Dept officials have just confirmed NO NEW home care packages in #Budget2019!! 128,000 vulnerable older Aust
Scullion in #estimates cannot tell me ONE NEW aged care initiative in the #Budget2019 that has not already been
LIVE: announcing the next stage of Labor's Medicare Cancer Plan - upgrades to hospitals and cancer treatment centres
This will mean millions of free scans, millions of free consultations and cheaper medicines for cancer patients.  It's the most important reform to Medicare since it was introduced by Bob Hawke.
I don’t think there is a person in Australia who has not been affected by someone with cancer.   And until we find a
I saw it with my Mum and her battle with breast cancer. Cancer is frightening, it’s isolating, it’s exhausting. And –
A Shorten Labor Government will invest $1 billion to reverse this decline in apprentices and restore TAFE to the centre of the Australian vocational education and training system.  Labor will ensure our education system is fit for the future. #auspol
Twitter is filled tonight with stories of people who had to forego critical cancer scans or treatment because of the
This is what leadership looks like:  👉 Fix schools &amp; hospitals 👉 Strengthen NDIS 👉 Cheaper, cleaner energy 👉 An economy
So proud to be Labor tonight. Biggest cancer care package in Australia’s history. ❤️ #auspol #BudgetReply2019 #budgetreply
I am proud that @billshortenmp and @AustralianLabor will deliver the biggest cancer care package in history. This is
A fairer better Australian future. A vision for young Australians A Medicare Cancer Plan to ensure that Medicare
It’s an extraordinarily emotional thing to hear the Opp Leader @billshortenmp talk tonight about covering the cost of
Manning Clark once wrote of the straiteners &amp; enlargers in Australia. On Tuesday, the Liberals showed us the former.
A vision for Australia’s future. A vision for young Australians. A Medicare Cancer Plan to ensure that Medicare delivers
"Tonight I'm announcing the most important investment in Medicare since Bob Hawke created it," Bill Shorten promised in
Labor believes access to health care should depend on your Medicare card, not your credit card.  This is the most important investment in Medicare since Bob Hawke created it. #auspol
"A lot of people said the Budget on Tuesday night was a damp squib. It said pensioners get $75 one-off for their rising energy prices. And people were promised a tax cut in five years. That's not a plan." - @billshortenmp #auspol @abc730
1 in 2 Australians will be diagnosed with cancer. But each year more than 300,000 Australians skip radiology  because of
"Unless we do real reform, we're not going to deal with the real issues - climate change and housing, and how we properly fund surplus, and how we make sure our schools and hospitals are the best in the world." - @billshortenmp #auspol @abc730
"Unless you make real reform, you just get a lacklustre wimpy budget that doesn't prepare us for the future." - @billshortenmp #auspol @abc730
@billshortenmp "... if you believe that is the sort of vision we should have for Australia, then when you cast your vote in May, choose a Labor government for all Australians." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "If you believe that when all is said and done about politics the most important things are family and health, if you believe that handing on a better deal to your kids than the one you inherited from your parents.." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "We choose the ABC. We choose equality for women of Australia, equality for everyone." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "We choose the best support possible for people with cancer. We choose fair wages and good jobs. We choose TAFE and apprenticeships, we choose a voice to First Australians enshrined in our Constitution." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
Budget reply: Shorten trumps PM on tax cuts, health
@billshortenmp "Labor offers stability and unity and a vision for the nation, we choose hope over fear, we choose the future over the past." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "My team and I have made the reform decisions to put a fair-go action plan for Australia, so Australia can be the best we should be." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Do we want a fairer, more equal country where the economy works in the interests of everyone, or do we want another three years of drift with the top end of town profiting much better than everyone else?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Do we want our children to get the world's best education or the world's most generous tax subsidies?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Do we want the best healthcare system in the world or the biggest tax loopholes?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "What our first four years of Labor's Medicare Cancer Plan means for Australians - up to 6 million free cancer scans, 3 million free appointments with specialists and an affordable medicine guarantee." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Under Labor, if you're fighting cancer, you focus on getting well, without worrying about gong broke. I can promise you that if you're in the fight of your life, a Labor government will be alongside you every step of the way." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "What this means over 4 years is it means an additional 3 million appointments will be bulk-billed with no out-of-pocket costs, reduce what you pay from hundreds of dollars to zero." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "The new Labor government will invest $433 million to immediately cover specialist consultations for cancer patients." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Today only half of the MRI machines in Australia are covered by Medicare. If we win the election... we will guarantee every single MRI machine that meets national standards is covered by Medicare for cancer scans. Full stop." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
THIS IS HUGE: A Shorten Labor Government will deliver the biggest funding boost to cancer care in Australian history
@billshortenmp "We will invest $600 million towards eliminating all of the out-of-pocket costs, for diagnostic imaging. Over four years this will mean 6 million free cancer scans funded by Medicare." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Tonight I'm announcing the most important investment in Medicare since Bob Hawke created it - Labor's $2.3 billion Medicare Cancer Plan." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Cancer is frightening, isolating and it's exhausting. And all too often, for so many, cancer makes you sick and then paying for the treatment makes you poor." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "... and emergency broadcasting, especially in areas affected by natural disasters." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "... new investments in eliminating mobile black spots and a more reliable NBN for small business and not only will we put back the $83 million the Liberals cut from the ABC, w will provide another $10 million to support regional news..." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "At this election we're offering a genuine alternative for regional Australia, better support for our dairy farmers to get a fair deal, working to restore the Murray Darling to health, helping restock the cattle herd of Nth Queensland.." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "We will help the 1.2 million lower paid Australians by creating a living wage." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Three, our tradie pay guarantee means subbies working on Commonwealth contracts get paid on time, every time." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Two, we will stop companies using sham contracts and dodgy labour hire arrangements to cut people's pay..." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Only Labor has a concrete, practical plan to get wages moving again - one, if we win the election, we will legislate to restore the arbitrary cuts to Sunday and public penalty rates in our first 100 days..." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "The next election will be a referendum on wages. We need to get wages growth going again for workers, for the economy, for confidence and consumption." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Tonight I say we will help train 150,000 apprentices for the jobs of the future and we will provide additional support for the businesses who take them on, both young people and mature-age workers." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Our projects are not in the never-never, they're locked into our first Budget." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "In the Liberal budget, you have to vote for the current PM at this election, then you have to vote for whoever is their leader at the next election and that's before anyone even digs a hole." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Tonight I can announce we will deliver $1.5 billion to upgrade the Gateway Motorway from Bracken Ridge to the Pine River and the next stage of the Bruce Highway from the northern suburbs to Caboolture." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Labor has transport plans and projects ready to go in every state and territory... and thanks to Albo's hard work the work is just beginning." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Instead of shipping minerals overseas and buying back the finished product, let's make the batteries here and let's do it with electric vehicles and charging equipment and stations too, supported by Australia's first electric vehicle policy." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Labor will provide a $2,000 payment to families who want to join the fight against climate change and the fight to lower power bills by installing a battery storage system." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "We will invest in industries where Australia can be the best in the world. I speak of agriculture and tourism - hydrogen energy, science and research, advanced manufacturing - mineral exploration to unearth new wealth." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "If you vote Labor, we will guarantee universal access to preschool or kinder for every 3 and 4 year old in Australia - 15 hours a week, 40 weeks a year, 2 years of preschool is global best practice and it's only just good enough for our kids." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "There is one more thing that we will do to make Australian schools the best in the world. We will make Tanya Plibersek the Minister for Education." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Labor will play the up-front fees for 100,000 TAFE places to get more Australians training in high priority courses and tonight I announce that 20,000 of these places will be allocated to a new generation of aged care workers.. for the NDIS." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Tonight I'm pleased to announce we're going to double the size of our rebuilding TAFE fund, up to $200 million to renovate campuses in regional and outer suburban Australia." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "We will uncap uni places, opening the doors to higher education to an additional 200,000 Australians." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "9 out of 10 new jobs created in the next 4 years will require either a uni degree or a TAFE qualification and only a Labor government will be prepared to properly fund both." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Tonight Labor is offering the Australian people a fully funded fair-go action plan, building an economy that works for everyone, investing in an education system that creates opportunity for everyone." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "For the sake of the Australia that we hand to our children, a Labor government will reform, will not shirk the task of reform - it will take real action on climate change." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Climate change is real. It is doing real damage to our economy and our environment and we can measure the cost of inaction - bushfires, droughts, floods, extreme weather and damage to our farmland and our reef." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "We believe the government has a responsibility to leave the place better than we found it. That is why we are going to stop the intergenerational unfairness in our tax system." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Nearly 6 years ago my united team and I made a choice. We decided not to be the kind of opposition who just stay quiet, cross our fingers and hope the Government would tear itself apart. We decided to lead the reform debate with a bold agenda." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Tonight I recommit what Labor will take to the next election - stronger surpluses, paying down national debt faster." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Surpluses can only be built on real reform, not cutting schools and hospitals, not short-changing the NDIS and not banking on the price of a blue sky environment." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "This is not a tax plan, it's a ticking debt bomb. It is neither fair nor responsible to lock in these billions of dollars in tax giveaways flowing disproportionately to relatively few Australians and so far in the future." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "We won't back a plan that gives a retail worker on $35k less than $5 a week, while an investment banker pockets more than $11,000 a year." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Tonight I am pleased to say that in Chris Bowen's first budget, Labor will provide a bigger tax return than the Liberals for 3.6 million Australians, all told an extra $1 billion for low income earners in this country." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
Proud that Labor will get the NDIS back on track - this is what Labor governments are all about. #budgetreply
@billshortenmp "..keep the promises made to people with disabilities and we will put people with disability at the centre of decision making in the NDIS." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "I can give every Australian living with a disability and the people who love them this personal commitment - if we are elected at the next government, we will lift the NDIA cap on staff numbers so we can get the support out the door..." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "The young man in Ballarat who waited more than two years for a wheelchair - so long that he ended up in hospital with pressure sores." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "There are thousands of Australians who've embraced the promise of the NDIS but whose legitimate demands have simply not been met." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "So tonight the first commitment I can give Australians and one of the most important - if we win the next election, we will put back every single dollar that the Liberals have cut from public schools and public hospitals." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "The same denial on climate change, the same $14 billion cut to schools and the same $1.8 billion cut to hospitals." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "Yes, there is a third PM. And a third Treasurer. But where it mattered, the same Liberal budget. The same void where an energy policy should be. The same failure on stagnant wages and rising cost of living." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
@billshortenmp "That's what a Labor government will do. Strive for the best, because Australians deserve the best." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
"Women and men of Australia. A budget should sketch the big picture. Build for the long term." - @billshortenmp #auspol #budget19
LIVE from Parliament as I deliver my Budget Reply
Today, the Tim (&amp; Geoff) Wilson Travelling #FrankingCredits Roadshow handed down its final report.  Labor issued a
Join me LIVE tonight as I deliver my budget reply and outline Labor's plan to deliver a fair go for Australia. I'm
.@GregHuntMP tells #qt that his government is a bunch of “medi-frauds” #auspol
@CatherineKingMP "$1.7 million cut to Shoalhaven Hospital in Gilmore? $2 million cut to Launceston General in Bass? $2.8 million cut to Midland Hospital?  $2.9 million cut to Caboolture Hospital in Longman?" - @CatherineKingMP #auspol #qt
"Why didn't the PM use his budget to reverse his government's billion dollar cut to hospitals, including the $1 million cut to Bega Hospital in Eden-Monar? It's $1 million cut to Gladstone Hospital in Flynn?" - @CatherineKingMP #auspol #qt
A failed ad man #auspol 
BREAKING: The Environment Minister is in big trouble. She has told Parliament she did not approve a series of grants,
"The member for Dunkley has said that environmental grants were approved. The Enviro Minister says that the grants were not approved. PM, your minister is saying one thing, the member for Dunkley is saying another. Who do you believe?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #qt
Morrison suggested to Melissa Price that she leave her answer there just then. It hasn’t been going well #qt
@Tony_Burke "Given that - does the minister stand by her earlier answer? Or when the media release went out announcing successful projects, has the member for Dunkley misled his electorate?" - @Tony_Burke #auspol #qt
"Given that in the previous answer the Enviro Minister said she was only seeking expressions of interest, how is she doing this for a program that at the time did not exist and had no guidelines?" - @Tony_Burke #auspol #qt
Are Chris Crewther and Melissa Price time travellers? How did they announce funding for a government grants program in a
@Tony_Burke "Each of these announcements are accompanied by a video with the minister present. How can it be that she claims none of it ever happened when she's quote in the media release and is personally in the video?" - @Tony_Burke  #auspol #qt
"If no announcements under the program had been made, why does the Enviro Minister appear with quotes in the media release and in videos with the announcement of $10,000 in Frankston, $7,500 in Boggy Creek &amp; $10,000 in Downs Estate?" - @Tony_Burke #auspol #qt
"Can the Environment Minister explain personally appearing in a video with the member and the community group at the same time that Labor MPs were being told by the Dept that no info on the grants program was available?" - @Tony_Burke #auspol #qt
"Given the Enviro Minister just said the Govt has not awarded any money, how does she explain the public statement 'I was very happy to announce with the Enviro Minister that the applicant will be receiving an additional $10k?'" - @Tony_Burke #qt #auspol
The Liberal lies about deficit, debt &amp; tax are designed to camouflage the outrageous unfairness of their cuts to health,
Here’s what Matthew Bowden, co-CEO of People with Disability Australia has said about the NDIS underspend that Morrison
"Sen Estimates revealed that the MP for Dunkley announced tens of thousands of dollars worth of grants in his seat before applications had opened. Can the Minister explain how it's appropriate when applications hadn't opened and the dept wasn't aware?" - @Tony_Burke #auspol #qt
#qt
Peter Dutton hurling abuse at Linda Burney in #qt.  What a guy.  #auspol
"Is it a moral failure for the PM to pay for his forecast election surplus by starving the NDIS of money, leaving Australians with a disability without the services they need?" - @LindaBurneyMP #auspol #qt
If only everyone could see @Barnaby_Joyce’s face in #qt with whathisname on his feet as Nats Leader #angrybeetroot
Does the PM really think that people with disabilities are really get the support they deserve through the NDIS now?
Prime Minister Scott Morrison yelling at Linda Burney as she stands to ask a question in #qt #auspol
The Prime Minister is sneeringly interjecting across the table at Linda Burney #qt
"This government has forecast an election surplus by starving the NDIS of money leaving Australians with disability without the services they need. Why should Australians living with a disability pay the price for the PM's con job budget?" - @LindaBurneyMP #auspol #qt
LAST NIGHT Morrison said he backflipped on his energy payments for newstart beneficiaries because he expected to lose a
Anytime anyone challenges Morrison on any issue now his response is to just label it ‘lies’.  Last week he was asking
"Is the PM aware that the deputy secretary of economics in his own department told Senate estimates he did not find out about the Gov's $80 million backflip on energy payments until a colleague told him he heard it on the radio?" - @Bowenchris #auspol #qt
Check out this @KKeneally #thread 👇👇👇👇 #auspol #qt
"Will the PM finally tell the Australian people why Malcolm Turnbull is no longer Prime Minister?" - @billshortenmp #auspol #qt
Tax cuts for the top end of town? Just another unfair Liberal budget. Check it out for yourself. 👇 #auspol #budget2019
An election will be called in the coming days, and every Australian has the opportunity to do the right thing when
Even by Minister Price’s standards, this is appalling:
This budget did not reverse the $7.2m cut from our hospital and did not commit to upgrading our emergency dept. It’s
Scott Morrison's penalty rate cuts mean 700,000 workers will lose up to $80 a week. Now he wants to give those workers a tax cut of just $5 a week. But he's giving people on $200,000 a year a $212 a week tax cut.  The Liberals &amp; Nationals are only for the top end of town. #auspol
Morrison’s flat tax will see more than half the benefits of the 2024/25 tax cut flow to the top 20% while the bottom 30%
Under the Liberals retail workers on $35,000 get a tax cut of under $5 a week but bankers get a tax cut of more than $11,000 a year – a tax cut 45 times bigger.     We’ll always put working people ahead of handouts to the top end of town. #auspol
"We consider the impact of gender in our policies as we develop them - we don't leave it as an afterthought. Equality has always been a core Labor value." - @tanya_plibersek #auspol
"We've also announced a groundbreaking reproductive health policy. This reproductive choice policy will deliver access to safe, legal, affordable reproductive health services around the country." - @tanya_plibersek #auspol
"We've committed to 250,000 new affordable homes, many that will benefit people escaping violence." - @tanya_plibersek #auspol
"We've committed to major boosts for women's superannuation." - @tanya_plibersek #auspol
"We'll make big companies publicly reveal their gender pay gap for the first time. We'll ban pay secrecy clauses." - @tanya_plibersek #auspol
"We can't rely on low growth in men's wages to reduce the gender pay gap." - @tanya_plibersek #auspol
"We will focus on ensuring that we have pay equity. One of the most important areas where we can deliver for Australian women is to ensure that men and women and paid properly." - @tanya_plibersek #auspol
"We have no time to waste when it comes to gender equality." - @tanya_plibersek #auspol
"When you have a more diverse group sitting around the table we make better decisions for everyone." - @tanya_plibersek #auspol
@AustralianLabor MPs &amp; Senators gathered for the launch of our Women’s Budget Statement 2019 #auspol
"If we are successful at the election this will be the most gender balanced government Australia has ever had." - @tanya_plibersek #auspol
"The government are masters at trying to hide the real impact of the cuts they're making and the unfair decisions they've made." - @tanya_plibersek #auspol
LIVE: Labor is launching our Women's Budget Statement
Scott Morrison tried to sell his budget to Jon Faine. Things didn't exactly go to plan. #auspol #Budget2019
FACT: The Liberals are promising higher taxes for 2.9 million workers earning less than $40,000 a year – like retail assistants, cleaners and manufacturing workers. #auspol #Budget19
With the election around the corner, I wanted to give a shout out to my amazing Labor team. We've been working hard to
Whether it’s lower taxes, better super or universal preschool, Labor is the party for working mums and working
For the sixth year in a row, the Liberals' budget is cutting the pension. But pensioners won’t forget, and they won’t be fooled by Scott Morrison's con job.
Inequality is getting worse in Oz just like the rest of the World &amp; this is why we are seeing weak &amp; anaemic growth. Labor
Scott Morrison's budget has no plan for wages, no plan to tackle power prices, no plan to address climate change, and no plan for the future. #auspol #budget2019
Why did Scott Morrison's environment minister request a review into using climate change policy to fund coal-fired power stations? Melissa Price has serious questions to answer, and Australians are waiting.
Nothing Morrison says in the next six weeks will make up for the last six years of cuts and chaos.  This budget has the same cuts to schools, same cuts to hospitals, same cuts to TAFE.  That’s why we've got a plan to give people a fair go.
With an election due any day and national unity on the rejection of racist hate speech never being more important than it is now, will the Prime Minister now direct every member of his government, to put one nation last? - @billshortenmp #qt
The Budget gives more than 2 million workers a tax cut of less than $5 a week. While bankers and CEOs get $11,000 a year, why won't the PM do another backflip today and give retail assistants, cleaners and manufacturing workers a tax cut they deserve? - @tanya_plibersek #qt
The gov promised faster rail for Geelong, but last night's budget failed to provide a single cent to deliver the project. The $200m promise for Kakadu became Kakadon't without a single new cent in the budget. Doesn't this prove that the budget con job has fallen apart?@AlboMP #qt
When did the Treasurer first decide that the energy payment numbers and decisions in the budget were wrong? - @JEChalmers #qt
Budget paper 2 showed energy payments would cost $284m. This morning the gov introduced a bill that states it will cost $365m. Doesn't this prove the treasurer's con job has fallen apart before the ink was even dry on the Budget papers? - @Bowenchris #qt
Can the Treasurer confirm that last night, the PM and the Treasurer had talks about changing the Budget. Does this not confirm after 6 years of cuts &amp; chaos the Budget is a con job that is falling apart before our heart -- before our eyes. - @Bowenchris  #qt
24 hours after delivering the Budget, the government caved into Labor  pressure and backflipped on energy payments for thousands of vulnerable Australians. PM, doesn't this just confirm, after six years of cuts and chaos, this Budget has already fallen apart? - @billshortenmp #qt
Scott Morrison's budget does nothing on climate change.   It does nothing to lift wages.   It does nothing to address the current and future issues that Australia faces.   This is another Liberal con job, pure and simple. 
So, why did the Treasurer backflip on expanding energy assistance to people on Newstart, youth allowance and other
I'm pleased to announce that the next #Labor Government will guarantee access to preschool for all three and four year-old
Scott Morrison's budget does nothing to get wages moving again. What Australians get instead is just another budget con. 
A retail worker gets a $250 tax cut, while a banker gets $11,000 back. That's what a fair go means to the Liberals. 
A budget con six weeks before an election can't cover up six years of Liberal cuts.
Scott Morrison's budget has no plan for wages, no plan to tackle power prices, no plan to address climate change, and no plan for the future. #auspol #budget2019
Surely not again.
Labor built the NDIS and we will make getting the rollout back on track a priority. Nobody should have to wait any longer than absolutely necessary to get the supports they need. #budget2019 #auspol
After six years of cuts and chaos, the Liberals have no plan for the future. Just the same Liberal cuts.
Hey @JoshFrydenberg, do you know the difference between delivering a surplus and forecasting one? My mate @Bowenchris
@billshortenmp gives his first #Budget reply - more cuts, more chaos. @AustralianLabor has a plan for a fair go for all
The Liberals will say anything over the next six weeks to cover up for the past six years of cuts and chaos. #auspol #Budget2019
Scott Morrison is trying to trick people into believing schools, TAFE + unis have never had it better.  The facts
BREAKING: The Liberals’ own numbers show they’ll increase tax as a percentage of the economy every year for the next
"Those earning $40,000 or less will be better off under a Labor government." - @Bowenchris #auspol #Budget2019
"It is our policy to have an Australian investment guarantee, a 20% write-off of all investments for businesses small, medium or large which would be a big spur to investment." - @Bowenchris #auspol #Budget2019
"This is a government which never misses an opportunity to treat the lowest income earners in our society with great contempt." - @Bowenchris #auspol #Budget2019
"We'll deliver a better budget line than the government has and we can say that because we have made the policy decisions. Their policy decisions have made the budget bottom line worse, not better." - @Bowenchris #auspol #Budget2019
"The budget itself forecasts lower wages growth, lower economic growth, lower consumption growth, and has no plan to do anything about it." - @Bowenchris #auspol #Budget2019
Scott Morrison has delivered an election con, filled with the same Liberal cuts. After six years of the Liberals’ cuts and chaos, there's no plan for wages and the same cuts to hospitals, schools and pensions. #auspol #budget2019
Here we go - #Budget2019 announcements in #FrankingCredits cash payments equivalents.
The Budget is built on the fundamental lie of not increasing taxes while failing to make the necessary investments in
There is no plan for wages, no plan to tackle power prices, no plan to address climate change, and no plan for the future.
Scott Morrison has delivered an election con, filled with same Liberal cuts.
11 and a half days of #FrankingCredits cash payments
Our message to New Zealand:  We are here to help you carry the burden of grief.  We are here to shoulder and share the
Labor will empower Australians to take advantage of cheaper, clean renewable energy and storage, by offering $2000 rebates for solar batteries for 100,000 households, with a target of 1,000,000 batteries by 2025. #auspol
I’m having a chat with @sallymcmanus about unions, inequality, and building a better society.
Quote from Liberals own briefing paper which says “compared to Labor’s arrangements this represents a savings of ...
The Nats watching their leader @M_McCormackMP deliver this dixer look utterly horrified #auspol #qt
"This government has cut 14 billion from public schools. Money that would've paid for literacy and numeracy programs, extra support for kids who need it most. After 6 years of cuts, chaos and neglect, why should we believe anything this PM says?" - @tanya_plibersek #auspol #qt
"The government has spent 12 months fighting Labor's bigger better fairer tax cuts so after 6 years of cuts and chaos and 6 weeks from an election, does the PM expect his last minute decision to imitate Labor... will con the Australian people?"- @billshortenmp #auspol #qt
"The PM has spent years making it harder for Australians to make ends meet... after 6 years of cuts and chaos, does the PM seriously expect his last-minute decision to copy Labor's bigger better tax cuts for Australians will hide the last 6 years?" - @Bowenchris #auspol #QT
@billshortenmp "...who worship different Gods, if we try to pretend that all of the problems in this country can be blamed on the people who happen to arrive last, then we forfeit the right to be shocked when the worst of consequences occurs." - @billshortenmp #auspol
@billshortenmp "Christchurch stands as a warning, a lesson, a reminder that if one plays with the poison politics of racism, if we encourage majorities to pick on minorities, if we try to whip up fear of people who are different..." - @billshortenmp #auspol
@billshortenmp "Perhaps that should give us all pause the next time we rush to judgment. Perhaps that should remind us not to equate whole communities with the random, senseless, violent acts of individuals." - @billshortenmp #auspol
@billshortenmp "It's a phrase that I didn't ever expect to use - an Australian terrorist. It's a phrase that still sounds wrong." - @billshortenmp #auspol
@billshortenmp "But the hard truth we have to confront in Australia is that the gunman, the killer, the individual who walked into the mosque and murdered people at their prayer and their most humble and vulnerable, he came from among us. He was an Australian citizen." - @billshortenmp #auspol
@billshortenmp "We are here to help you carry the burden of grief to shoulder and share the weight of sadness because our two nations are not just friends, we are family, we are one." - @billshortenmp #auspol
@billshortenmp "And we went to offer our own words of comfort and to the injured - condolence to the injured and the frightened, to those grappling with the loss of someone you love and today all of us in Parliament send the same message to the people in New Zealand..." @billshortenmp #auspol
@billshortenmp "We went to salute the courage of the first responders, the people who worked hard... staunching wounds, saving lives, to bring perpetrators to justice." - @billshortenmp #auspol
@billshortenmp "To pay our respects to the memory of 50 innocent people murdered at their Friday prayers. People at their most vulnerable and humble, children as young as 3 and 4 years old.." @billshortenmp #auspol
"When the times are tough, when the burdens are heavy, your friends and family lend a hand... it's why the Governer-General and Lady Cosgrove, the PM and Jenny, Chloe and I went to Christchurch last week to share our love and our sorrow and our solidarity." @billshortenmp #auspol
In the aftermath of Christchurch, now, more than ever, all political leaders must commit to a real unity and social
If the Greens had voted for the Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme in 2009, we would have avoided the decade of wars on
Victorian @AustralianLabor MPs joining the @AEUfederal to show our commitment to the 2.5 million kids in public schools
Make no mistake, the release of the #Budget tonight will be a poor attempt by Scott Morrison to try and make Australia forget
Lilley schools will receive a funding boost of $13.4 million from a Shorten Labor Government. All local schools will
Ignoring climate change is not an option.  We’ll put in place Australia’s first national electric vehicle target of 50% of new sales by 2030. That means less vehicle pollution and lower costs for drivers. #auspol 
Will Scott Morrison reverse his $160 Million in cuts to Queensland hospitals when he hands down the budget tonight? #auspol
1. Does anyone understand this? 2. Government isn’t a footy game.
Here's what Morrison needs to do in tonight's health budget: ❄️ Match Labor's plan to end the Medicare freeze ⬅️
Australians want action from our government to help reduce waste.  Labor's plan will phase out single-use plastic bags and microbeads from 2021, because pollution is a national problem that requires a national solution.
After 6 years of chaos, uncertainty and rising pollution under the Liberals, Australians need stability and certainty on climate change policy. Our Climate Change Action Plan will deliver net zero pollution by 2050. No tricky accounting, no rebranded Abbott-era policies.
6 years, $3 billion cut from TAFE, 150,000 apprenticeship places lost. What a disgrace.
It’s Labor that has the better and fairer tax cut plan – the Liberals have a lot of catching up to do. From 1 July this year, 10 million Australians earning up to $125,000 will be better off under Labor. The choice at the next election is clear.
We’ll put in place Australia’s first national electric vehicle target of 50% of new sales by 2030. That means less vehicle pollution &amp; lower costs for drivers.
We've all seen those horrible images of marine life tangled in plastic and other waste - it has got to stop.
Big news this morning. Labor is taking real action on climate change and handing on a better deal to the next
Thousands of premature or underweight babies will get access to life-saving donor breast milk under a Shorten Labor
The economy isn’t working when millionaires aren’t paying any tax but working class Australians are having their
Bill Shorten and Labor means better wages, not bigger banks. We'll reverse the Liberals' cuts to penalty rates, boost wages for workers, and make the minimum wage a living wage.  Support our plan for a living wage here:
The relationship between Australia and New Zealand is one of close family. We continue to offer our unshakeable
Yesterday I announced that a Labor Government will boost emergency relief funding to local organisations on the
New data out today shows under the Liberals, the number of people with 5 properties has grown nearly 6 times the rate of
Looks like Qld Liberal @SenatorMac isn’t happy with Scott Morrison on One Nation preferences.
“Racism is not only unethical, it is antithetical to the values which underpin democracy. That is why our rejection of racism, of prejudice, of discrimination and of hate speech must be uncompromising.” - @SenatorWong #auspol
We know everything is going up except people’s wages.  We will fix the law so that the Fair Work Commission has the tools to deliver a living wage for Australia’s low-paid workers.  Sign the petition to make the minimum wage a living wage 👇 #auspol
It’s farcical and completely unacceptable that 20% of the submissions @TimWilsonMP is reviewing were written
At the upcoming election, Labor is offering a united and stable team, ready to deliver a fair go for Australia. #auspol
I find it abhorrent and offensive to all Tasmanians that this senator questions the Port Arthur massacre. We will unite
I’m deeply concerned the LNP in Queensland and the Nationals appear to have been given a leave pass by their Prime
This assertion is offensive and completely bonkers.  What will it take for Scott Morrison to put One Nation, who want to water down our gun laws and think Port Arthur was an inside job, last? #auspol 
“I was waiting to see what their reaction would be.”  How craven and pathetic.   Basic decency told you what was
It is time for leaders to unite in condemning the hateful and divisive rhetoric of Senator Anning, Senator Hanson and those who seek to stoke racism and other forms of bigotry for political ends – not just with our words, but with our actions too. #auspol
Labor will make the minimum wage a living wage. Here's how.
More days out of the country than in parliament. Out. Of. Touch. 
Great news for North-West Tassie! Ping @justinekeay @AUSenator
Scott Morrison and the Liberals/Nationals have cut $3 billion from TAFE and apprenticeships.  Under the Liberals/Nationals Australia has lost 150,000 apprenticeship places nationwide.  If you are serious about jobs you don’t cut funding from TAFE.
I believe in more investment in TAFE and more opportunities for apprentices, not bigger banks.
Everything is going up except wages. Living standards have stagnated. Underemployment is at record highs. This is the true state of the economy under the Liberals. 
What more does Mr Morrison need One Nation to do before he shows some spine and puts them last?
For more than 120 years, we have been the Party of higher wages for workers.  We’ve got a real wages policy.
This is the party Scott Morrison refuses to preference last.  Unbelievable.
Labor will make the living wage a reality for working Australians, because Australians deserve better than what they're getting from Scott Morrison's Liberals. #auspol
Great to join ⁦@billshortenmp⁩ ⁦@SamPCrosby⁩ ⁦@BOConnorMP⁩ at Lion breweries in Lidcombe, speaking with workers about
What a fantastic @AustralianLabor candidate - but Nadia Clancy will make an even better representative for #Boothby as
An unbelievable scandal. One Nations plan to take “the government by the balls” to dilute our gun laws.
We’ve all heard the division and hate spread by One Nation. It’s time to draw a line.  Labor will put One Nation and extremists last because we won’t ignore their extremist and hate-filled rhetoric.  Will Scott Morrison? #auspol 
This is how right wing extremists do business &amp; the LNP have refused to rule out doing a preference deal with One Nation. 
Michael Keenan’s excruciating interview on Sky News right now is exactly what will keep happening, every single day,
In Launceston today with @RossHartMP, announcing that northern Tasmania will get better stroke treatment under a
Don't just tweet your concern @ScottMorrisonMP. Show leadership and put One Nation and parties like them last. That's
Pauline has form with guns. In the last parliament One Nation voted against a bill to jail guns smugglers -see Hoodwinked
Another day, another story of the Liberals and Nationals tearing themselves apart. #auspol #libspill
Big news for working Australians!
Labor created Medicare and will always protect and strengthen it.   Only a Shorten Labor Government will ensure that Australians can access the health care they deserve.
FACT: As Treasurer Scott Morrison cut funding from health while trying to give a $80 billion tax handout to big business, including $17 billion the big banks.  It’s time to end these unfair cuts.
Environmental Defenders Offices do important work for farmers, traditional owners and community groups across
Every day that Scott Morrison's Medicare freeze stays in place is another day that families are paying higher out-of-pocket costs to visit the doctor.  If @billshortenmp is elected Prime Minister, the Liberals' Medicare freeze will end in our first 50 days.
Every day Mr Morrison’s Medicare freeze stays in place is another day families are paying higher out-of-pocket costs
The Government have been torn apart by division on energy – while Australians see their energy bills go up and up. Now on the eve of election they want to broker some fake peace deal to try to win over the bush. Australians can see straight through them.
As Treasurer Scott Morrison cut funding from health while trying to give a $80b tax handout to big business, including $17b to the big banks. Sign the petition now to fight for your local hospital and tell Morrison to fix our hospitals.
It’s about putting the country first. You put them last or you help them into the Parliament. Australia has countered
This is the true state of the economy under the Liberals. #auspol
Good luck to @michaeldaleyMP and his @NSWLabor team today, fighting for a better and fairer NSW.
Vote today to put schools and hospitals before Sydney stadiums! 🏫 🏥
So many reasons to support Michael Daley &amp; Labor at the NSW election tomorrow.   SHARE to show your friends why you’re
Labor will give every school the funding it needs – with more teachers and resources.  At the next election there’s a choice: The Liberals’ plan to stand up for banks and top end of town, or Labor’s plan to fix our schools.
Campaigning for ⁦@CameronMurphy__⁩ for East Hills &amp; ⁦@TaniaMihailukMP⁩ for Bankstown here at pre-poll Great team of red
Spent the morning supporting our fantastic local Labor candidates @ellyhowse and @johaylen who are fighting with activists
Joined Labor’s Macnamara candidate Josh Burns at Sth Melb mechanic ALS Automotive. Under Labor’s “Your Car, Your Choice”
Health experts argue that getting more kids to ride or walk to school each day is the single best thing we can do to
Thalidomide was a drug used in the early 1960s to treat morning sickness. It resulted in many deaths and caused severe
'The era of tolerating the rich getting richer at everyone else’s expense is over. A new approach to economic policy is needed.' - @SwannyQLD
And we’re off! Ride to School Day 2019 here we go! #ride2school
Scott Morrison and the Liberals say Australians have never been better off. But the economic indicators that matter to Australians are heading in the wrong direction. #auspol
Gee Whiz, indeed - this *big* announcement from ⁦@ScottMorrisonMP⁩ is only worth FOUR MONTHS of excess #FrankingCredits
Congratulations @SenatorWong
As Treasurer, Scott Morrison extended the Liberals’ Medicare freeze by another two years to 2020, cutting another $925 million from Medicare.  Morrison’s Medicare freeze means patients will keep paying higher out-of-pocket costs for urgent care after-hours
"The PM says he wants the truth. Well, here are some facts." - @hamishnews responds to the PM. #TheProjectTV 
Packed house last night for my Perth town hall meeting.
Today, Labor's shadow ministers are in the West, working on how we deliver a fair go for WA with @MarkMcGowanMP's
Scott Morrison never wanted the Banking Royal Commission – he voted against it 26 times. He described it as a ‘populist whinge’, a ‘reckless distraction’ and a ‘QC’s complaints desk’.   The Liberals are out of touch and only for the top end of town.
As Treasurer, Scott Morrison extended the Liberals’ Medicare freeze by another two years to 2020, cutting another $925 million from Medicare.   Morrison’s Medicare freeze mean patients will keep paying higher out-of-pocket costs for mental health care.
My response to reports of comments made by President Erdogan:
Labor is concerned by reports that the Morrison Government withheld Australia’s support for the UN International Women’s Day Statement because it calls for universal protection of women’s sexual and reproductive health, including access to safe abortion.
Scott Morrison and the Liberals and Nationals say Australians have never been better off. But the economic indicators that matter to Australians are heading in the wrong direction. #auspol
A fair go for Australia means fair wages for working Australians.
A fair go for Australia means fair wages for working Australians. Right now, everything is going up except people’s wages.
It's time to be frank about Labor's franking credits changes. 💵  Policy -
Short thread 👇So Josh Frydenberg has discovered gender analysis. But has anyone told Scott Morrison? Treasurer
Health care costs are soaring  under the Liberals, putting more strain on the family budget - and more strain on our public hospitals.  That’s why Labor will invest $1 billion on vital upgrades to Australia’s public hospitals.
If individuals at a cafe or a pub spoke in the dangerous way that some people are allowed to speak online, there would
Because health outcomes shouldn’t be determined by your postcode. #auspol
"Labor will invest $1 billion to upgrade Australia's public hospitals ... I want the world's best hospitals - not the world's best tax loopholes." @billshortenmp
Every Australian has a right to feel confident that their government is open, transparent and free from corruption. Sign the petition to restore that trust, and show that we can do better.
Those with public platforms need to remind themselves of the responsibility they carry. There is no room for
Under Labor time's up on tax loopholes.  Read more about our policy 👇
Not all right wing extremist hate speech ends in right wing extremist violence. But all right wing extremist violence
Labor will invest $1 billion on vital upgrades to Australia’s public hospitals – building new wards with more beds,
Stop normalising hate speech Peter. Political criticism is not the same as blaming Muslims for this terrorist act. Now
Under the Liberal Government the waitlist for home care has grown from 88,000 to almost 128,000 older Australians in just over a year.
BREAKING: Labor will invest $1 billion on vital upgrades to Australia’s public hospitals. #auspol
Thanks @JessRouse95 for inviting me to explain @AustralianLabor Dairy policy &amp; how it will address the plight of our
A Shorten Labor Government will give Australia’s firefighters and emergency services personnel a funding boost to ensure they have the tools they need to fight fires, protect property and save lives.
The deliberate LNP policies of slashing penalty rates, encouraging casualisation, wage suppression &amp; giving labour hire a
Not all right wing extremist hate speech ends in violence. But all right wing extremist violence starts with hate
Australia stands in solidarity and sorrow with the people of New Zealand following the horrific attacks and the
Statement from @SenatorWong and I: Christchurch mosque terrorist attack.
Labor utterly condemns the horrific attack in #Christchurch.  As we always have, Australia stands with our New Zealand
Any Australian citizens who require consular assistance, or families concerned about the welfare of citizens should contact
To our friends in New Zealand, and all those in Australia with friends and family in NZ, we send our love and
Australia and New Zealand are family and we grieve with our brothers and sisters today. We send our love and
Labor believes in a fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work and we believe a living wage is fundamental to achieving that
Everything is going up in Australia except people’s wages. Watch this video to see how Labor will get wages moving
Labor is for better wages, not bigger banks. When Scott Morrison was Treasurer he voted eight times to support cuts to penalty rates and tried to give an $80 billion tax handout to big business.  #auspol
Right now, everything is going up except people’s wages. This is why.
First the RBA called out the financial dangers of climate change, now the head of the Home Affairs Department has listed it as a national security threat. The Liberals and Nationals seem to be the last people on the planet not worried about climate change.
Today we see new data showing what happens when everything keeps going up except people’s wages - record number of
Australia is in an energy crisis under the Liberals. Power bills are out of control, pollution is rising and Scott Morrison and the Liberals are divided and out of touch on energy and climate change.
“What I do want to see is people being able to fulfil their potential. An economy can only work if everyone’s
A fair go for Australia means fair wages for working Australians. That's why in the first 100 days of a Shorten Labor Government we will reverse Scott Morrison's unfair penalty rate cuts. Sign the petition to reverse penalty rate cuts 👇
A fair go for Australia means fair wages for working Australians. #auspol
We’re working through ways to support our lowest paid workers and will continue to examine ways to ensure these workers can deal with the growing pressures of cost of living – health care, energy costs, child care all going up and up.
Frankly, we suspect Australia is frustrated with this whole Liberal-National Government.
A Shorten Labor Government would ensure that Australia’s accommodation providers would have the ability to set their own prices so they can compete with the multinationals behind the world’s largest online booking sites.
Labor is going to change that - more competition helps drive costs down for consumers and means Australian hotels can
Did you know that the two big businesses that control up to 85% of online accommodation bookings in Australia can put
Everything is going up except wages. Living standards have stagnated. Underemployment is at record highs. This is the true state of the economy under the Liberals and Nationals.
Out of touch. Out of control. #auspol
It’s unfair young Australians are being shut out of the housing market by @LiberalAus policy failures. @AustralianLabor
Labor will give every three year old in Australia access to 15 hours of subsidised preschool - the biggest ever investment in early childhood education in Australia. #auspol
Today is Labour Day in the state of Victoria. It was in Victoria that the activism of workers directly led to our
Working on a public holiday today? Part of my plan to get wages moving in Australia is to reverse the cuts to penalty
True believers gathered ⁦@TheHopePubW1⁩ for London ⁦@AustralianLabor⁩ Campaign Launch including ⁦@CatherineWest1⁩ -
Thanks to @NSWLabor for inviting me to speak at the launch today. @michaeldaleyMP @PennySharpemlc and their Labor team
Government minister when asked whether low wages were a “deliberate” design feature of the Liberals’ economic strategy:
Backstage with @MahaliaBarnes at the @NSWLabor launch. Looking forward to her performance today!
Ready to go! @michaeldaleyMP #NSWLaborlaunch
So, it’s ok for a man to take Jane Prentice’s seat.  It’s fine for a man to take Ann Sudmalis’ seat.  It’s great for
Labor support equal representation and we're proud to say that if we win the next election, our Labor Government will be the first in Australian history with 50 per cent women in the parliamentary ranks. #auspol #IWD2019 
Gender equality is good for both women and men.  It gives all of us more freedom and choice at work, at home, and in
.@SenatorWong: You know there’s an election coming when the Liberal Party suddenly starts talking about women’s
Here we go again. They are now talking about knifing another leader. Time to kick this divided chaotic government out.
We’re excited to introduce Cressida O’Hanlon - Labor’s candidate for #Sturt  Support: Volunteer:
Happy International Women's Day. I’m particularly proud to say if we win the next election, our Labor Government will
Dodgy building firms who deliberately avoid paying workers will face the consequences of their actions under a Shorten Labor Government.  Labor will cancel the building licences of companies that try to avoid their obligations to employees, homeowners, and honest businesses.
Did you know that in the last 12 months corporate profits went up 10% but wages only rose by 2%. Our economy isn't
#Labor will invest an extra $8 million in #community #language #schools so more Australian children get the chance
Kids in Brisbane’s north deserve the best possible care when they’re sick &amp; injured  @AustralianLabor will reverse
If you’re caught ripping off subbies, workers &amp; taxpayers, you should lose your building licence. #phoenixing #auspol
South Coast of NSW will be the 1st location for a Community Power Hub as part of Labor’s $100 million Community
Yesterday’s figures showed weakening growth under the Liberals – flat wages and weak household spending. This is what happens when everything is going up except wages. Working Australians are paying the price.
When the Liberals tell you they are great economic managers remember this ➡️ yesterday Australia went into a per capita
If elected, Labor’s program for playgroups and toy libraries will see grants of between $5,000 and $15,000 to
If I am elected Prime Minister I will get wages moving in this country.
Want to know how much better off your school will be if I’m elected Prime Minister? Head to
Scott Morrison and his Liberals are out of touch. This year Australians will have a chance to kick this mob and their fear mongering tactics out.
Labor will restore Sunday penalty rates, crack down on sham contracting and the rorting of skills visas, stop the exploitation of labour hire to drive down wages and make equality for working women a priority – in pay, in leadership and in superannuation. #auspol
Talking infrastructure with @AlboMP @JulianHillMP @ClareONeilMP and Simon Curtis for Latrobe. You can rely on Labor to
The Government’s blowhard rhetoric about the strength of the economy has been fatally undermined by the latest GDP
'Reproductive choice and access to basic health care are fundamental rights.' - @tanya_plibersek  Every Australian woman should have access to the health services they need, where and when they need them. #auspol 
Everything is going up except wages. Living standards have stagnated. Underemployment is at record highs. This is the true state of the economy under the Liberals.  Under the Liberals, the economy is not working for working people. #auspol
Enjoy this column from @Kieran_Gilbert where @pyne’s colleagues unload on what they really think of him   🔥🔥🔥 
Tax, boats, emissions. If there’s a lie to be told, Morrison and his team will tell it.
Will @JoshFrydenberg be issuing a statement today on being caught out being dishonest again? A tweet even? The Libs are
Sprung again 🤦🏻‍♂️
Live from Sydney: the next election will be a referendum on wages. 
Well-paid positions on the Administrative Appeals Tribunal should be based on whether you are qualified for the job – not whether you qualify as a Liberal. #auspol
Bill Shorten and Labor will make Australia a Hydrogen superpower with 16,000 new jobs in the renewable sector.   The Liberals won't. #auspol
After losing their federal funding under the Liberals, Labor will restore funding and expand support for the
On this day in 1983, this man became Prime Minister.
Got a spare minute? You might as *wool* learn about progressive taxation (and how it helps combat #inequality) #auspol
This government's stacking of the Administrative Appeals Tribunal with Liberal mates is costing taxpayers up to $14
Labor takes the health of our kids seriously. We want them to grow up healthy and happy, and we'll invest to make sure they learn about healthy food and eating.
So the big banks like @NAB are actively campaigning for the Liberals.  Makes sense.  #auspol  
Bill Shorten and Labor will fund 20,000 Flexible Support Packages - individually designed to address the barriers women and their children face in getting safe and keeping safe. #auspol
Utter chaos. The Liberals and Nationals have stopped governing and are ignoring the Australian people in favour of infighting. #auspol 
The "Liberals'" record on women is stuck on stupid... #auspol
Visited a local innovative hydrogen business HYDI this morning. Hydrogen means more investment in Australia, more
Labor will provide practical support to help those who have experienced domestic and family violence leave violent relationships and rebuild their lives.  This is practical assistance at a time survivors of family violence need it most. #auspol 
We need to invest in more support for women fleeing violence at home - so that financial barriers aren’t the reason
Emissions up. Power prices up. That's what happens when you outsource climate &amp; energy policy to the tinfoil hat faction of
The Liberals have stopped governing – they are only focused on giving jobs to themselves and their Liberal mates. A Bill Shorten Labor government will look very closely at these appointments. #auspol
Standing room only on crowded train from Dulwich Hill - another reason to vote for ⁦@michaeldaleyMP⁩ and ⁦@NSWLabor⁩
Father Bob Foundation is saved by @billshortenmp &amp; @josh4macnamara - committing $200,000 to us if Labor is elected. Thank
For many years, Victorians doing it tough have benefited from the selfless work of @FatherBob. Today Labor made sure
@FatherBob offers much more than a meal to some of Melbourne’s most desperate. @AustralianLabor will be proud to
.@FatherBob isn’t just a local legend, he’s a national treasure.  Bob gives thousands of meals to vulnerable people
Bill Shorten and Labor will take real action and invest $40 million dollars into emergency relief services for people in financial crisis like the Father Bob Maguire Foundation. Too many Australians are falling through the cracks, and it’s time for a change. #auspol
Happy ⁦@sydneymardigras⁩ ❤️ from the ⁦@AustralianLabor⁩ Deputy Club! As ⁦@cityofsydney Deputy Lord Mayor, I’m
Mardi Gras with my angel 🏳️‍🌈 #mardigras2019
A pretty frank admission that the Morrison Govt has nothing left in the tank 👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼
A little tip for Liberal Minister for Health - if you want to tackle out of pocket costs for doctor visits, reverse
23 years ago today, on what coincidentally was my birthday I was elected to the House of Representatives for the first time.
Scott Morrison and his Liberals are out of touch, divided, and in chaos. And it's not going to stop. #auspol
Big Shout Out to @AustralianLabor volunteer, Steve for helping out this afternoon. Great Listening Post with lots of
Subbies and tradies are the back bone of the construction industry - but sadly, too many are being ripped off by dodgy
Too good: supporting women’s footy and cricket with @LibbyCokerLabor
Hydrogen will play a huge role in our energy future, creating thousands of jobs and turning Australia’s hydrogen industry into a competitive international export. That's why we're backing a hydrogen industry that means more jobs and more renewable energy.
Australia is reliant on fuel imports - and that means if there’s an international disruption, we could run out of
Deputy Labor Leader @tanya_plibersek and former PM @JuliaGillard caught up recently to discuss women in powerful leadership roles. Check it out
Scott Morrison cut $84 million from the ABC in last year's budget when he was treasurer. Labor will always stand up for the ABC against Liberal attacks. RT to spread the truth #auspol
Labor will protect Australia's fuel security with a National Fuel Reserve.   This is an insurance policy for the nation, an investment that protects us against international supply shocks. #auspol
Just announced $15M for more overtaking lanes on the Capricorn Highway if @AustralianLabor wins the Federal Election
The Liberals can't be trusted on climate change.  Sign up to support real action on renewables: #auspol
Later today I will announce Labor's plans to boost our national and economic security with a government-owned National
"It is a national disgrace that an island nation like Australia only has 14 flagged vessels, and it’s in our national interest to fix this."- @billshortenmp #auspol
Did you hear the news? Labor is going to change the rules so subcontractors working on big Commonwealth projects don't
“Labor knows that we can’t strengthen universities’ role unless they are funded properly. This is why we are prepared
Labor will close the education gap and take strong action to ensure city kids and country kids have the same opportunity to get a uni education. #auspol 
Under Labor’s imputation reforms, if you pay tax you will still get a refund but if you don’t pay tax there is nothing to refund. That’s fair.
Check out our Renewables plan here:
The divided and chaotic Liberals will never be able to take effective action on power prices and climate change when MPs like Craig Kelly are holding them to ransom. Only Labor has a plan for lower power prices and more renewables.
We need a strong and independent ABC. Labor will reverse the Liberals' cuts to the ABC
Better protection for tradies so they don't get ripped off - that's what Labor will deliver.
Today we're hearing that Julie Bishop was undermined by Matthias Cormann and other West Australian Liberal MPs, who worked behind the scenes for weeks to thwart her choice of successor. The Liberals are out of touch, divided and chaotic.
It might not be at the top of the news bulletin these days, but communities affected by the flooding in North West
Morrison is so devoid of ideas he’s dug up Tony Abbott’s climate change policy.  The Liberals will never take climate change seriously. Only Labor has a plan to tackle climate change and invest in renewables.
Only Labor will invest $300 million to help support students with a disability. #auspol
This is a government lurching from scandal to scandal, doing everything it can to line up jobs for their mates and splurging taxpayers’ money on advertising.
The small business ombudsman backs in Labor’s policy of a Tradie Pay Guarantee. Hey, Scott Morrison, when tradies need your
Under a Shorten Labor Govt, we’ll deliver: * A Tradie Pay Guarantee: if you do the work, you’ll get paid on time * A Tradie
After five years and $2.25 billion spent, this policy only saw pollution rise. Pretending another $2 billion over ten years will cut pollution is treating the Australian people like mugs.
No better start to a Townsville day than a run along The Strand with @billshortenmp @jennymcallister @Belinda_ALP and
Cashflow is the lifeblood of the construction industry, yet half of all subbies say they don’t get paid on time. Labor’s
My message to subbies and their families is if Labor wins government we will make sure you get what you are owed. And
Labor's Tradie Pay Guarantee will protect sub-contractors on Gov projects from being left unpaid when dodgy businesses go bust &amp; develop a national framework to ensure that no sub-contractors or small businesses are left out of pocket as a result of dodgy “phoenix activity.”
Wage stagnation is a result of government inaction and weak bargaining power of workers. Profits and productivity are up
The return on equity of our banks is among the highest in the world. What Labor is saying is we should put some of that
The Courier Mail has been banging the drum about phoenixing. Today, their front page previews Labor’s new announcement: a
Labor will deliver a 21st Century energy system with more renewable energy and cheaper power. Here’s how:
The Liberal economic record: record low wages growth, stagnant living standards,  falling household savings,
Labor will deliver a 21st Century energy system with more renewable energy and cheaper power. Here’s how: #auspol
Scott Morrison is so devoid of ideas he’s dug up Tony Abbott’s climate change policy. Only Labor has a plan for more
Don't forget to sign the petition to protect our penalty rates! 👇https://t.co/IspKEnFqGS
Recently Muffin Break's CEO complained about workers being unwilling to work for free. While the top end of town is pulling in record $, wages have remained stagnant for years &amp; we all know whose side the Liberals are on.  But we've got a plan to protect wages &amp; this is first up.
Only Labor has a plan to make sure Australian ships are put first. It’s good for our nation’s jobs, industry and
Only @billshortenmp and Labor will put local jobs first by cracking down on the abuse of 457 Visas.
Scott Morrison, the Prime Minister who brought a lump of coal into Parliament, has now fully embraced Tony Abbott’s
Labor has a plan for more renewables, less pollution and lower power prices. And unlike the Liberals, our plan wasn’t
Only Labor can be trusted to clean up the banks and stand up to the top end of town.
Today, @billshortenmp will announce a $640m fairness fund for financial services.   For the first time, financial
These commemorations are sacred moments on hallowed ground. Australians who make the pilgrimage to honour the Anzacs
Hunt is not deeply committed to tackling one of the biggest killers of Australian men - prostate cancer.   Otherwise he
Muffin break view of millennials is offensive and plain wrong. They think they’re doing workers a favour by letting them
Talking about ways to increase trade between Australia and India at the @AIYouthDialogue in Sydney today
BREAKING: New figures show net debt has reached a new record $373.4b on the Liberals’ watch. It means they piled on a
Labor fought for the Royal Commission and we will implement a fairer and faster response to the findings.
The only way to save the ABC is to change the government. #auspol
Under this Liberal government, everything in Australia is going up except for wages #auspol
Heading to #CrossRiverRail construction site in Woolongabba with @jackietrad - Labor will invest in  #publictransport
'Labor will make the banks pay for ripping off their customers. It’s the fair thing to do.' - @billshortenmp #auspol
On the Today Show this morning I was asked how much Labor's compensation scheme is going to cost; I replied:  "Well, it
#helloworld #chumgate #auspol
Genius!
Young Labor hit the streets to find out if people thought it was fair for millionaires who pay no tax to receive $25,000 in free money from the Federal Government #auspol
This is now an absolute scandal for the Liberals. Who else in the Government has been using Hello World for free holidays and kickbacks?
Nothing should spark the imagination of us on this side of the House more than fighting inequality. Too many Australians
There’s a lot of Liberal Party chums involved in the Government’s latest scandal, and we’re going to get to the bottom of
This is the bubble. Well you know what they say? They say the, workers are wrong about flat wages, women are wrong about the sexism, teachers are wrong about cuts the school. They say carers are wrong. @billshortenmp #auspol #qt
Australians do care about integrity. That is why if we are elected - Helloworld will be the first item on the national integrity commission that we will set up. @billshortenmp #qt #auspol
When it comes to them, the rules do not apply. $288,000 for Senator Cash not to write a witness statement? The most expensive non-statement in the history of the Commonwealth! @billshortenmp #qt #auspol
and the use of a member's position to promote his own commercial interests and, two, condemns members of this government for acting as though they are above the rules and treating taxpayers' money as their own. @billshortenmp #auspol #qt
the use of ministerial authority to assist Liberal Party donors, the treatment of a parliamentary committee as if taxpayer a branch of the local  Liberal Party,
G, these are the latest examples of members of this government acting as  if they are above the rules, treating taxpayers' money as their own, including the Helloworld scandal, the Paladon scandal, the unlawful tipping off of Australian Federal Police raid...
F, explosive estimates evidence today confirms that the meeting was arranged because in the words of Mr Andrew Burns - Hockey owes me and,
E, DFAT officials in Australia were not told about Mr Hockey's conflict of interest until after the meeting and Mr Hockey did not list his million dollar Helloworld shareholding on his DFAT register of interests until the month after that meeting,