Law-breaking unions hurt small businesses, delay infrastructure and cost our economy. It's time to pass our Ensuring Integrity Bill.
Australians are saddened by the passing of Clive James. He was a great novelist, poet, wit and personality who
A privilege to meet Peter Suffolk, the first lung cancer patient in Aus to take part in a global study investigating
The Coalition is continuing to back small business.  Yesterday I announced the $540m Business Growth Fund. The Fund
Continuing to expand opportunities for 🇦🇺 exporters is a key pillar of our economic plan to help businesses grow and create
Labor should not excuse union law-breaking, which hurts small businesses, delays infrastructure and cost our economy.
The Morrison Government is investing in critical road projects sooner. Read about our plan for Tasmania:
The Morrison Government is investing in critical road projects sooner. Read about our plan for NSW:
"These trade deals will mean more market access for our farmers, greater opportunities for our businesses, more jobs and increased investment for Australia"  - Minister Simon Birmingham
BREAKING: Parliament passes the legislation for our new free trade deals with 🇮🇩, 🇭🇰 &amp; 🇵🇪. Our Government is ✅ Opening doors
Labor never learns. Only the Liberal and National parties can be trusted to keep our borders secure.
The Morrison Government is investing in critical road projects sooner. Read about our plan for NT:
The Morrison Govt is making a real difference in the lives of Australians with #disability through delivering the
The Morrison Government is investing in critical road projects sooner. Read about our plan for Victoria:
The Morrison Govts $100b infrastructure pipeline is a key pathway to future growth.  We’ve brought forward $3.8b of
The Morrison Government is taking action in response to the interim findings of the Aged Care Royal Commission. Read more:
The Clontarf Foundation are changing young men's lives all across Australia. Thanks for allowing me to spend time
Together with the NSW Government, we are providing additional funding for communities affected by the NSW bushfires. Recovery grants of up to $15000 are available to farmers and small businesses. Read more at #auspol
Let’s not forget the facts. Under the Coalition:  ✔Unemployment is lower  ✔A record number of people in jobs ✔1st
"Our government is committed to dealing with challenges to the economy practically and soberly."   Read the Prime Minister's op-ed here:
Albanese doesn’t want to drop Labor's Retiree Tax. Labor can't manage money, that's why they come after yours.
We’re investing in bringing forward the construction of major road projects in Victoria, like the Monash Freeway &amp;
Two more breakthrough new treatments for Australians living with lung cancer &amp; leukaemia will be listed on the PBS
Today, we announced $530m to bring forward 3 major regional road projects in NSW: ✔ Toowoomba to Seymour  ✔ Newell
It is time to demonstrate our confidence in our future and stick to our plan to invest, employ and work together to meet and beat the challenges ahead.  Read more:
We continue to listen &amp; take action when it comes to #drought. Our latest major step up includes new interest &amp;
I visited the @QldFES Centre today to get an update on the current and forecast bushfire conditions. Australia is
The Morrison Government will accelerate crucial road and rail projects that will bust congestion and build our economy. #BuildingOurEconomy
The Morrison Government is accelerating key road projects in Western Australia that bust congestion and support jobs. #BuildingOurEconomy
The Morrison Government is fast-tracking crucial road and rail projects across Australia that will bust congestion, make commutes safer and build our economy. #BuildingOurEconomy
We're bringing forward $3.8 billion of new investment into building new roads &amp; rail across the country to get
The Morrison Government is fast-tracking crucial road and rail projects in Queensland that bust congestion and boost the economy.
"If we don’t remain fiscally disciplined today, the next generation will have to pick up the bill tomorrow."  Read the Treasurer's opinion piece:
We're boosting the economy with a $415m congestion-busting infrastructure package in SA as part of our $100b
The Morrison Government is delivering critical road projects in South Australia sooner as part of our national $100 billion infrastructure package.   Read more:
In Adelaide today, we announced a $415m package for South Australia to keep our economy moving by bringing forward
We will remember them. #LestWeForget #RemembranceDay
The Morrison Government is reserving 100 gigalitres of water to grow 120000 tonnes of fodder and silage. Read more about our National Drought Response Plan:
The Morrison Government is investing $200 million to support new rural projects that will provide jobs, kickstart local businesses and rebuild our drought-affected communities. Read more about our National Drought Response Plan:
The Government has committed an additional $10 million to schools facing financial hardship as a result of the drought. Read more about our National Drought Response Plan:
128 councils are receiving extra funding to invest in rural infrastructure, keep locals employed and support businesses. Read more about our National Drought Response Plan: #auspol
12700 farming families are receiving $100000. Rebates for emergency water infrastructure are available to help them get through the drought. Read more about our National Drought Response Plan: #auspol
More trade means more jobs. The Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership will boost export opportunities for Australian businesses &amp; create more local jobs.
Ash, you are a true champion. Australia is so proud of you.
The Morrison Government is supporting drought-affected farmers and regional communities, committing more than $7 billion to drought relief.  Read about our 3-part National Drought Response Plan here:
The Morrison Government is delivering on its plan to help first home buyers own their first home sooner.  Read more:
Keeping the lights on &amp; keeping power prices down. That’s why together with the NSW Government we’ll jointly
The Morrison Government is putting downward pressure on prices and ensuring reliable power by upgrading the New South Wales-Queensland Interconnector. Read more at: #auspol
It was the Liberal Party that appointed the first female Whip, the first woman in Cabinet, and the first woman to hold ministerial responsibility.
Between 1996 and 2007: 2.2 million more jobs were created; Labor’s $96 billion debt was repaid; and landmark tax reform was delivered.
Since the Government was elected in 2013, more than 1.4 million new jobs have been created.  This includes a record 36 consecutive months of jobs growth.
Liberal governments consistently deliver economic strength and stability, including more jobs, responsible budgets, tax relief and better services.
From the Australia-Japan Commerce Agreement of 1957, to new trade agreements with Korea, Japan and China, the Liberal Party has led way in developing trade with Asia.
Liberals believe the best form of welfare is a job.
Only the Liberals can be trusted to keep our borders secure.
Liberals stand for lower taxes and a stronger economy.
Between 1996 and 2007: 2.2 million more jobs were created; Labor’s $96 billion debt was repaid; and landmark tax reform was delivered.
After the Port Arthur massacre in 1996, John Howard and Tim Fischer showed courage in delivering national firearm legislation.
Australia’s waterfront was notoriously inefficient. The Howard Government reformed it, improving crane rates by around 60%.
Since the Government was elected in 2013, more than 1.4 million new jobs have been created.   This includes a record 36 consecutive months of jobs growth. #auspol
"Our disciplined economic management has led to lower taxes, more funding for essential services &amp; a strong budget position which boosts our economy’s resilience." -@JoshFrydenberg Read his opinion piece at #auspol
Liberals deliver nation building infrastructure – from the Snowy Scheme, to Snowy 2.0, to major road projects and a new airport for Western Sydney.
In 1979, a Liberal Government declared the Great Barrier Reef a marine park.   Today, we’re banning the export of waste plastic, paper, glass and tyres and building Australia’s recycling industry.
The Liberal Party has delivered important social reforms, including dismantling the White Australia policy and the 1967 referendum for Indigenous Australians.
In 2019, Ken Wyatt became the first Indigenous Minister for Indigenous Australians.
Strong economic management is in the Liberal Party’s DNA.   This year, for the first time since 2008, the Budget is returning to surplus. #auspol
It was the Liberal Party which appointed: the first female in Cabinet; first female Foreign and Defence Ministers; and the first female Ministers in the Finance and Treasury portfolios.
Over 75 years, the Liberal Party has fostered Australia’s engagement with Asia – from trade agreements, to the Colombo Plan. #auspol
Check out this ad from John Howard's 1996 campaign.   Unlike our opponents, the Liberal Party is not owned by any section of the community. We govern for all Australians.
Tommy Tomasi is 93, still skis 3 times a week, survived the concentration camps of WWII, &amp; came to Australia to help
Check out our ad from 1975 when Malcolm Fraser promised to "Turn on the lights" after three dark years of Labor government.
Check out this cinema ad from 1949.  “Under Liberal Government, the House that you built will again become...a House truly dedicated to the freedom of the Australian people, to the achievement of progress, development and prosperity.”
In 1971, Senator Neville Bonner became Australia's first Indigenous Member of Parliament, representing the Liberal Party of Australia.
75 years ago today, Robert Menzies wrote in his diary: “New party: ‘The Liberal Party of Australia’”  Over the past 75 years, our Party has worked to improve the lives of all Australians.
So proud of our Federal Coalition women #whatateam 💪🏼 @LiberalAus @TheNationals  💙💚 #auspol
Only the Morrison Government has a plan for a strong economy by paying back Labor's debt, cutting taxes, equipping
"In 1957, the Commerce Agreement had its critics – the decision to normalise trade between our two countries took courage.  The Australian Government...were determined to look to the future rather than be constrained by the past."  - Julie Bishop
“When I first met Alan Greenspan (later US Federal Reserve Chairman), he remarked to me that ‘Australia has the biggest middle class in the world’. This was some tribute to what had been achieved during the period from the end of World War II until the early 1970s.” - John Howard
In its 75 year history, the Liberal Party has made many contributions to Australia's economic and social progress.   As Prime Minister, Harold Holt continued the economic reforms he began as Treasurer, including the introduction of decimal currency in 1966. #auspol
The Australia-US alliance is vital to Australia’s security and prosperity.  Signed in 1951, the ANZUS Treaty has remained the cornerstone of Australia’s security for nearly 70 years. #auspol
75 years ago today a conference began in Canberra at which it was decided to form the Liberal Party of Australia.   This week we will be highlighting some of the significant contributions our Party has made to the economic and social progress of Australia.
This is all part of our ongoing and comprehensive drought response for rural and regional communities ⬇️
Off to Tamworth today to announce new dam infrastructure with @GladysB. Together with the NSW Government, we’ll
Great to have Scotty Cam on board as Australia’s first National Careers Ambassador. We want more young Australians
Anthony Albanese can’t get off that easy! Labor might have changed leader but they haven’t changed their policies.
Yet another reminder that Labor can't manage money. #auspol
The Morrison Government is delivering support for our farmers and drought-afflicted communities who are doing it tough.  Read more: #auspol
This week, @D_LittleproudMP &amp; I heard first hand the stories of those affected by drought in NSW &amp; QLD. Despite the
The Prime Minister &amp; I were privileged to meet Pernille Jensen &amp; Barry Mawson @ Nthn Cancer Institute in Sydney  Pernille
As of today over $18.7b in tax refunds have been paid out by the ATO for 18/19 which includes our tax cuts. Let’s not
Without the PBS subsidy, so many of these medicines would be beyond the reach of Australian families and patients.  
Half a million Australians will tomorrow have access to cheaper medication when 175 common prescription drugs are added to
From tomorrow, more than 500000 Australians will get access to cheaper medicines.  Read more: #auspol
Our plan for a strong economy continues to deliver record funding for essential health services that save lives.  Read more: #auspol
Great to chat with Kochie &amp; the Sunrise team this morning about how cheaper PBS medicines are on the way for over 500000
Delighted to join the Sunrise team this morning to discuss the breakthrough new cancer medicines that will save lung and
Under the Morrison Government, nearly half a million Australians will get cheaper medicines on the PBS.  Read more: #auspol
The Morrison Government is backing our farmers and drought-affected communities with more support on top of $7 billion in programmes already being rolled out as part of the National Drought Strategy.  Read more:
Our drought response is not set and forget. It’s ongoing - today we announced $100m more funding for drought
Today Scott Morrison will announce an extra $100 million in support to drought affected communities across Australia. This builds on the $7 billion in programmes already being rolled out as part of the National Drought Strategy. #auspol
Back in Australia this morning &amp; will head straight up to Dalby in Qld to announce $100m in additional financial
By building our economy and fixing the Budget, the Morrison Government is delivering for all Australian.   Read more: #auspol
Our investment into the space industry in Australia will deliver more jobs and new life-saving technologies for
Through strong Budget management, the Morrison Government is getting on with the job of building our economy to secure your future.  Read more: #auspol
The first of the fleet of new Combat Reconnaissance Vehicles have been delivered. The Morrison Government is keeping Australians safe by investing in cutting-edge capability for the Australian Defence Force.   Read more: #auspol
The recent commitment we made in the US to build our space industry, is all about Australian jobs in Australian
Our alliance with the United States keeps our economy strong, creates jobs and underpins our national security in a
Incredibly moving for Jenny and me to visit Arlington Cemetery today and lay a wreath in honour of the fallen
We’re backing Australian businesses to the moon, and even Mars, and back! Today we signed an agreement that will see
An honour to be hosted at a state dinner by @realDonaldTrump &amp; the First Lady. The Rose Garden, where the dinner was
Australia &amp; the US have a relationship based on shared beliefs, mutual respect &amp; a preparedness for each country to
The Morrison Government is returning the Budget to surplus. Labor can't manage money - that's why they haven't delivered a surplus in 30 years! #auspol
After a decade of deficits, the Budget is back in balance for the first time in 11 years.
G’day USA. The Aussies are here. Wonderful to be here in the land of the free and home of the brave. Special thanks
Thanks to the Government's strong economic management, the Budget is back in balance for the first time in eleven years. And this year, the Budget will return to surplus.  Read more: #auspol
As a result of the Morrison Government’s economic plan and responsible budget management, the Budget has returned to balance for the first time in 11 years.  Read more: #auspol
Thanks to the Government's strong economic management, the Budget is back in balance for the first time in eleven years. #auspol
Today’s final Budget results for 2018-19, show the Budget returning to balance for the first time in eleven years. And, this year, the Budget will return to surplus.  Read more:
Labor's Joel Fitzgibbon wants all Australian families and small businesses to pay a tax on electricity. Labor hasn't learnt. #auspol
Under the Coalition 1.4m+ new jobs have been created, a record number of people are in work, the participation rate
Wayne Swan’s call for Labor to be ‘proud &amp; not resile’ from its high tax, high spend agenda defies the will of
"Tax more, spend more, forget about the surplus and ignore the will of the Australian people." When will Labor learn?  Read more from Josh Frydenberg's op-ed: #auspol
It continues to be Labor policy to increase taxes on workers, retirees and housing. #auspol
Same policies. Same unfair agenda. Same Labor ⤵️
Albanese in 2013: “If you come to Australia by boat without a visa, you will not be settled in Australia.”  Albanese in 2019: “These people should be settled here in Australia.” #auspol
Our Government has increased Medicare bulk billing for GP visits to the highest level ever - 86.2 per cent. That’s
Anthony Albanese has still not learnt the lessons of Labor’s policy failures and the need for a consistent approach on border protection. #auspol
Under the Morrison Government bulk billing is at a record high. Read more at: #auspol
This project will create up to 600 new jobs during construction &amp; shave up to 10 minutes off the morning peak hour
We’re busting congestion in Melbourne’s east and getting people off to work, or home to their families sooner and
Today we unveiled a world-class experience centre at the site, where you can learn more about the project, the
Work on the new Western Sydney International Airport is well underway with the awarding of a key earthworks
Our new $5.3b airport is already a game changer for Western Sydney — providing 11000 jobs during construction &amp;
The @flyWSA Experience Centre is officially open.  This is an amazing opportunity for locals &amp; tourists to watch
Tim Fischer was ‘Australia all over’. It was a great honour, together with Jen, to join in paying tribute to his
Welfare is about helping people get back on their feet. Our trial of a new cashless debit card for people on welfare
Under laws the Prime Minister introduced when he was Immigration Minister, a non-citizen’s visa is automatically cancelled when they are convicted of a serious crime and go to jail for 12 months or more.
Like most parents I was sickened by Al Bayati’s despicable crime. He's not only committed an appalling crime against
1 in 5 Australian jobs depend on trade. That’s why I took up Australia’s first ever invitation to take part in this
We’re getting on with the job and delivering on our plan. The Morrison Government has already delivered tax relief for 10 million Australians.  We will continue to back you and your family. Learn more about what we are delivering:
In the three months from May, employment has increased by 84000. The Government is committed to 1.25 million more jobs over five years – including 250000 jobs for young Australians.  Learn more about what we are delivering:
We’re getting on with the job and delivering on our plan. The Morrison Government has delivered practical help for our drought-affected farmers.   We will continue to back you and your family. Learn more about what we are delivering:
We’re getting on with the job and delivering on our plan. The Morrison Government has already delivered tax relief for 10 million Australians.  We will continue to back you and your family. Learn more about what we are delivering:
A soldier, a farmer, a politician, a leader, an ambassador, an author, a husband, a father and above all a person of
Full statement on the passing of the Hon Tim Fischer AC.
Saddened to hear of the passing of a great Australian, Tim Fischer. Much loved &amp; deeply respected, The Boy from Boree
Tim Fischer was a dear friend. Jenny and I are deeply saddened by Tim’s passing. Tim Fischer was a big Australian in
Australia has lost one of its finest today with the passing of Tim Fischer AC. Tim was a giant of the National Party.
Thank you Tim, we loved you very much.
Great to catch up with @kochie_online to chat about Australia’s future - I want Australians to have as much control
I met young Josh at Westmead Hospital just under three months ago and I promised we’d go see a Sharks v Dragons
Today the government lays out an ambitious timetable to implement the royal commission’s remaining recommendations.  Our reforms will deliver more accountability, transparency and protections, without compromising the flow of credit and competition.
A Liberal and Nationals Government means a stronger economy with more jobs.
The Morrison Government is focused on delivering on our plan to create 1.25 million more jobs over the next five years.
The Morrison Government is focused on delivering on our plan to create 1.25 million more jobs over the next five years.
Always love receiving letters with great practical ideas on how to improve Australia’s future. Here are a few from
Law-breaking unions hurt small businesses, delay infrastructure and cost our economy.  Add your name to support our Ensuring Integrity Bill:
It’s been six months since the devastating floods hit North Queensland but our Government hasn’t taken its foot off
Our Government is building what our defence forces need right here in Australia as part of the biggest upgrade to
It was a privilege to meet eight-year-old Violet, her mum Tess, dad Sal &amp; little brother Patrick today at the
A revolutionary cancer treatment is now available publicly in Australia for kids and young adults.  CAR-T therapy gives
Hospitals, schools and roads can cost up to 30% more to build due to law-breaking unions.  Add your name and support our Ensuring Integrity Bill:
Law-breaking unions delay critical infrastructure, ultimately costing Australian taxpayers.  Add your name and support our Ensuring Integrity Bill:
If Labor was serious about stopping union thuggery, they would support the Ensuring Integrity Bill.  Add your name and support our Ensuring Integrity Bill:
Law-breaking unions can increase the cost of building hospitals, schools and roads by up to 30%.  Add your name and support our Ensuring Integrity Bill:
This coming week in Parliament, my team and I will be on the side of hard-working Australians by seeking to outlaw
Hospitals, schools and roads can cost up to 30% more to build due to law-breaking unions.  Add your name and support our Ensuring Integrity Bill:
“(But) Labor needed to explain to Australians why it considers this sort of systemic law-breaking acceptable and why it is appropriate for the Labor Party to continue to take $1m a year from a union that has made breaking the law an artform,” - @cporterwa
The Ensuring Integrity Bill will help ensure unions and employer groups work for their members and not themselves.  Add your name and support our Ensuring Integrity Bill:
The Ensuring Integrity Bill will help ensure unions and employer groups work for their members and not themselves.  Add your name and support our Ensuring Integrity Bill: 
We got a lot done this week with a lot more to do next week as we seek to restore our border protection laws and to
Hospitals, schools and roads can cost up to 30% more to build due to law-breaking unions.  Add your name and support our Ensuring Integrity Bill:
Happy 80th Birthday to John Howard! Thank you for your extraordinary contribution and dedication to the Liberal Party and Australia.
The Ensuring Integrity Bill will help ensure unions and employer groups work for their members and not themselves.  Add your name and support our Ensuring Integrity Bill:  
Law-breaking unions delay critical infrastructure, ultimately costing Australian taxpayers.  Add your name and support our Ensuring Integrity Bill:
The Future Drought Fund will provide $5 billion in permanent funding support for drought resilience projects all around Australia.  The Morrison Government is committed to supporting our farmers and drought-affected communities. Read more:
If Labor was serious about stopping union thuggery, they would support the Ensuring Integrity Bill.  Add your name and support our Ensuring Integrity Bill:
Always proud to be a Liberal but today was very special. History was made in our Parliament today as Gladys Liu, the
Law-breaking unions can increase the cost of building hospitals, schools and roads by up to 30%.  Add your name and support our Ensuring Integrity Bill: #auspol
“Sadly, existing laws aren’t effectively deterring the CFMEU’s militancy.  "The Government makes no apologies for seeking to uphold the rule of law and cracking down on law-breakers by reintroducing the Ensuring Integrity Bill.”  -@cporterwa #auspol
Since becoming Prime Minister I have travelled to drought-affected communities, talking to farmers and engaging with
A drug that can change the lives of cystic fibrosis sufferers is about to be subsidised for babies for the first time.
There's some relief for young sufferers of cystic fibrosis with the federal government announcing it will broaden
A deeply moving experience 2day at ⁦⁦⁦@MonashChildrens⁩ - announcing our Govt is expanding access to the medicine
Our farmers are the best in the world despite years of drought and hardship. That’s why today at the @dailytelegraph
The Morrison Government is focused on delivering on our plan to create 1.25 million more jobs over the next five years.
The Morrison Government is focused on delivering on our plan to create 1.25 million more jobs over the next five years.
Suicide takes far too many Australians, devastating families and local communities. One life lost to suicide is one
Around 1 million Australians will keep up to $1053 a year more (for couples) and $804 (for singles) with our decision to cut deeming rates.   This means more support for pensioners. Read more: #auspol
When taxpayers keep more of what they earn, it encourages and rewards hard work. It means families can get ahead and more money flows through our economy.  To see how you benefit: #auspol
Our plan will reward and encourage hard work and strengthen our economy.  To see how you benefit: #auspol
The @ato_gov_au has received over 1 million tax returns for the 18/19 year!  As of this morning over 1.1 million tax
Our plan provides immediate relief and fixes bracket creep. It will reward and encourage hard work and strengthen our economy.  To see how you benefit:
Always on the same side #origin
Great to see Australians responding to the tax cuts we were able to pass through the Parliament last week that will
The Morrison Government is delivering tax relief.   Labor would mean higher taxes.
Our tax relief plan will reward and encourage hard work and strengthen our economy.  To see how you benefit:
When taxpayers keep more of what they earn, it encourages and rewards hard work. It means families can get ahead and more money flows through our economy.  To see how you benefit:
Our plan provides immediate tax relief for over 10 million workers. It also fixes bracket creep and will reward and encourage hard work.  To see how you benefit:
The Coalition Government’s tax cuts will put more money in your pocket ✅.  10 million low and middle income earners
More than 10 million Australians will start to receive up to $1080 in tax cuts from this week. We have delivered on
Australians voted for tax relief and we’ve delivered tax relief.  To see how you benefit:
Our plan will reward and encourage hard work and strengthen our economy.   To see how you benefit:
Our plan provides immediate tax relief for over 10 million workers. It also fixes bracket creep and will reward and encourage hard work.   To see how you benefit:
The last election offered a choice between our plan for lower taxes and Labor’s higher taxes.  Since the election, Labor has played politics with tax relief. They haven’t learned.
Our tax relief plan will reward and encourage hard work and strengthen our economy.   To see how you benefit:
When taxpayers keep more of what they earn, it encourages and rewards hard work.  It means families can get ahead and more money flows through our economy.   To see how you benefit:
Our plan provides immediate relief and fixes bracket creep. It will reward and encourage hard work and strengthen our economy.   To see how you benefit:
Our plan will reward and encourage hard work and strengthen our economy. To see how you benefit:
The last election offered a choice between our plan for lower taxes and Labor’s higher taxes.   Australians voted for tax relief and we are delivering tax relief. To see how you benefit:
Having delivered tax relief for hard-working Australians as promised this week, we are getting on with the job of
Australians voted for tax relief and we’ve delivered tax relief.  To see how you benefit:
Australians will get the tax cuts they voted for! Lower taxes for hard-working Austns, rewarding effort &amp; encouraging
Tonight the Parliament voted to reward the aspirations of hard-working Australians. Australians voiced their loud
BREAKING 🚨: The Government’s tax relief plan has now passed the Parliament.  To see how you benefit: #auspol
Our plan will reward and encourage hard work and strengthen our economy. To see how you benefit:
The Parliament has now been reopened and is getting on with the job of delivering for all Australians. Our plan for
Australians voted for lower taxes. The time has come for our tax relief plan to be delivered.
Labor should listen to Australians, not block tax relief #auspol
Our plan provides immediate relief and fixes bracket creep. It will reward and encourage hard work and strengthen our economy. To see how you benefit:   Why would Labor block tax relief?
Labor &amp; @AlboMP have learned nothing from the election &amp; heard nothing on their listening tour. They should back our
Labor should listen to Australians, not block tax relief. #auspol
"So let’s be clear what the Coalition’s tax cuts are about: rewarding effort, encouraging aspiration and putting more money into the pockets of hardworking Australians.  Labor was, is and will always be the party of higher taxes." @JoshFrydenberg  #auspol
Why would Labor block tax relief? #auspol
Labor should listen to Australians, not block tax relief. #auspol
“Anthony Albanese should drop Bill Shorten’s losing strategy, cut his losses and stop denying the Australian people the tax cuts they voted for.” @JoshFrydenberg #auspol
Kithana acha he Modi! #G20OsakaSummit
“To keep our economy strong and make it stronger into the future, we must ensure our income tax system is internationally competitive, provides the right incentives and supports aspiration.” -@MathiasCormann #auspol
"A pattern seen during the election campaign is now becoming consolidated. Labor is making the Coalition appear impressively solid and straightforward, and making itself appear trivial and scatterbrained."
Labor should listen to Australians, not block tax relief. #auspol
"Our tax cuts provide both short-term relief and long-term reform.  Labor lost the election, now it's time to support the Coalition's tax cuts in full."  Click to read the Treasurer’s opinion piece. #auspol
“This is completely and utterly stupid. I do not understand it, I won’t defend it even for a second.” Graham Richardson  Labor should listen to Australians, not block tax relief. #auspol
On May 18, Aust people voted for a Govt that puts more money in their pockets, rewards effort &amp; encourages
.@AlboMP should long have accepted the verdict of the Australian people and acted on it by announcing Labor’s support
‘Completely and utterly stupid’: Former Labor senator slams Albo for opposing tax cuts2GB - 
At the recent election, voters were offered a clear choice between Labor's higher taxes and our plan for lower taxes.  Labor should listen to Australians, not block tax relief. #auspol
Our plan prioritises low &amp; middle income earners, takes the bracket creep monkey off people’s back, is economically
Earth to Labor. You lost the election. The Aust people voted for our tax cuts not your tax hikes. We're not splitting
Australians want their tax cuts. Not Labor’s death by a thousand (non-tax) cuts. Time for @AlboMP and @JEChalmers to
We will not split our plan to deliver income tax relief to all working Australians.   Labor have still not learnt the
Our tax relief plan will encourage and reward hard work, fix bracket creep and strengthen our economy.  Why would Labor block tax relief? #auspol
It was amusing to hear @JEChalmers say this morning Labor’s “highest priority” is tax relief just weeks after he was
Today, @JEChalmers showed he has learnt nothing from Labor’s election defeat, conceding his “top end of town”
The Government’s tax relief plan encourages and rewards hard work. It fixes bracket creep so workers don't get pushed into higher tax brackets over time.  Why would Labor block it? #auspol
Good to see Labor MPs seeing the importance of our tax cuts to put more money into the pockets of Australians with
.@JEChalmers, Good to hear you support ‘sensible tax reform prioritising middle Australia’ which is ‘responsible for
Our plan provides immediate relief and fixes bracket creep. It will reward and encourage hard work and strengthen our economy. To see how you benefit:  Why would Labor block it? #auspol
At the recent election, voters were offered a clear choice between Labor's higher taxes and our plan for lower taxes.  Labor should listen to Australians, not block tax relief. #auspol
In the face of significant headwinds, our economic plan has the right focus on tax, infrastructure &amp; skills.  Read my
“We shouldn’t be blocking tax cuts for working and middle-class Australians.” #auspol
"Tax cut dollars in the hands of consumers support jobs...The federal election is over, and it is now time to implement the key policy the government took to the people.” #auspol
The Government’s tax relief plan encourages and rewards hard work. It fixes bracket creep so workers don't get pushed into higher tax brackets over time.  To see how you benefit: #auspol
Keep going hard for what’s right @fitzhunter &amp; @PeterKhalilMP   More money into workers pockets, taking the bracket
Bravo @PeterKhalilMP !  Our plan for income tax cuts for all working Australians is in our national interest. We
"Bracket creep is the silent thief which if left unaddressed would undermine aspiration and weaken the economy over time. That is why we are so committed to addressing bracket creep as well as delivering income tax relief to low income earners." #auspol
Labor’s arrogance on income tax cuts breathtaking. Having lost the election over their high taxing politics of envy
Anthony Albanese's choice for Home Affairs portfolio.
How good is Australia! How good are Australians! Thank you! 🇦🇺
Only the Morrison Government has the plan to build our economy to secure your future. Find out how to vote at #BuildingOurEconomy #ausvotes #auspol
"Because people matter, a stronger economy matters. Because the economy is what people live in. It’s real." - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy #ausvotes #auspol
Your choice today.   Scott Morrison’s lower taxes, stronger economy, more jobs and guaranteed essential services, or Bill Shorten’s higher taxes and weaker economy.   Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes. #ausvotes #auspol
Labor’s housing tax will reduce home values, push up rents and hit 1.3 million Australian investors.  Now is the worst time for Labor's Housing Tax. #auspol #ausvotes
Labor = higher taxes #ausvotes #auspol
If elected, Labor would slug Australians with higher taxes totalling billions of dollars. Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes. Find out how to vote at #ausvotes #auspol
Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes. Find out how to vote at #ausvotes #auspoI
Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes. Find out how to vote at #ausvotes #auspol
Bill Shorten and Labor want to change the goal posts and increase tax on the savings you're relying on. #ausvotes #auspol
Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes. Find out how to vote at #auspol #ausvotes
With a strong economy, we will deliver on our plan. #BuildingOurEconomy #ausvotes #auspol
We are delivering a stronger economy, lower taxes and more funding for schools and hospitals. #BuildingOurEconomy #auspol #ausvotes
Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes. Find out how to vote at #auspol #ausvotes
Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes. Find out how to vote at #ausvotes #auspol
Your vote can stop Shorten and Labor’s higher taxes on hard-working Australians. Find out how to vote at #auspol #ausvotes
Stand with Scott. Vote Liberal today. Find out how to vote at #BuildingOurEconomy #ausvotes #auspol
Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes. Find out how to vote at #auspol #ausvotes
Last time they were in government, Labor delivered 6 record deficits totalling $240 billion.  Australia can’t afford to go back to Labor. #ausvotes #auspol
Stand with Scott. Vote Liberal today. Find out how to vote at #BuildingOurEconomy #ausvotes #auspol
Labor plans to end negative gearing as we know it by removing it for new purchases of existing properties.  Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes. Find out how to vote at #ausvotes #auspol
Your vote can stop Shorten and Labor’s higher taxes on hard-working Australians. Find out how to vote at #ausvotes #auspol
Stand with Scott. Only the Morrison Government has the plan to build our economy to secure your future. #BuildingOurEconomy #ausvotes #auspol
Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes.  Find out how to vote at #ausvotes #auspol
Only the Morrison Government has the plan to build our economy to secure your future. #BuildingOurEconomy #ausvotes #auspol
This election is close. Your vote can STOP Bill Shorten’s taxes. Find out how to vote at #ausvotes #auspoI
Just met beautiful little Elvie in Devonport while supporting our candidate for Braddon Gavin Pearce. She’s just 8
Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes. Find out how to vote at
👋 Tasmania! It’s Election Day. Great to be here supporting our fantastic candidate for Bass Bridget Archer, and to
We have already lowered taxes for millions of small businesses and under our plan, income taxes will be lower, fairer and simpler so Australians keep more of what they earn and save. #BuildingOurEconomy #ausvotes #auspol
Election Day! Vote @LiberalAus &amp; @The_Nationals to secure your future ➡️ #ausvotes
Many thanks ⁦@ScottMorrisonMP⁩ , it is a privilege to work with you. Only a strong economy and economic management can
Don’t risk Labor’s higher taxes and economic mismanagement. Find out how to vote at #auspoI #ausvotes
Listen to what Kerri-Anne Kennerley had to say about Bill Shorten's higher taxes. Find out how to vote at #auspol #ausvotes
Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes. Find out how to vote at ▶️ 🇦🇺✔️🗳#ausvotes #auspol
Labor = higher taxes. Your vote can stop Shorten’s higher taxes. Find out how to vote at #auspol  #ausvotes
Big day campaigning today. Now in Gladstone for a retiree forum with Ken O’Dowd, listening to concerns about the
Quick stop in Cairns to support our hard working Member for Leichhardt Warren Entsch. He’s achieved so much for his
Great to catch up with Phil Thompson, our hard-working @LNPQLD candidate in Herbert &amp; his family today. He’s a
The Bill Australia can't afford. #auspol
Labor’s Retiree Tax would change the goal posts and punish those who work hard and save for their retirement. #auspol
Labor can’t manage money. When Labor runs out of money, they come after yours. #auspol
The Bill Australia can't afford. #auspol
The Bill Australia can't afford. #auspol
Labor’s Higher Income Tax would punish hard work and aspiration. #auspol
Fantastic reception at the Sydney Markets today. Great for Jen &amp; I to meet everyone. Just 2 days to go until the
Labor wants to end negative gearing as we know it and increase capital gains tax by 50%.  This would reduce home values, push up rents and hit 1.3 million Australian investors.
This election is extremely close. Vote @LiberalAus and @The_Nationals this Saturday to secure your future. 
Under Labor, hard-working Australians would see their taxes go higher and higher and higher.  Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol
When Labor runs out of money, they come after yours.   RETWEET if you agree!
Australia can't afford Labor. Only the Morrison Government has the plan to build our economy to secure your future. #auspol
Rudd. Gillard. Shorten.  Labor can’t manage money, that’s why they come after yours. #auspol
If elected, Labor would slug Australians with higher taxes totalling billions of dollars. #auspol
Under Labor, hard-working Australians would be hit with billions in new taxes on retirees, housing, income, investments, family businesses, electricity &amp; more. #auspol
Only the Morrison Government has the plan to build our economy to secure your future. #auspol
Tax, actually. #auspol
Labor can’t manage money. If you can’t manage money, you can’t run the country. #auspol
Only the Morrison Government has the plan to build our economy to secure your future. #auspol
Bill Shorten scores a century! For the 100th time this campaign, Bill Shorten refused to answer questions about his policy costings. He still won't explain how much his promises will cost Australians and what the impact of his taxes will be. #auspol
Bill Shorten still can't explain how much his promises will cost and what the impact of his taxes will be.
Why is Bill Shorten so defensive about an inheritance tax?
First home buyers will get a significant leg up with our new initiative to slash the size of a home loan deposit. We
Great to visit the @Hockeyroos at their home base in Perth today &amp; congratulate them on their teammates win over in
Caught up with some first home buyers today to talk about our new policy, which helps Australians buy their first
Bill Shorten poses the greatest risk to Australia's economy in a generation. #auspol #got
The Morrison Government’s First Home Loan Deposit Scheme will mean first home buyers won’t need to save for a full 20 per cent deposit, so Australians can get a loan and into the market faster.
Happy Birthday, Scott Morrison! 🎂
My mum Marion taught me everything I know about leadership. Happy #MothersDay mum! x
Jen doesn’t like the spotlight much, but her warmth and authenticity is appreciated by everyone who meets her. Happy
The amazing women in my life. Couldn’t love them more. Happy #MothersDay Jen and Mum!
My family are so grateful for the opportunities we have been given here in Australia. Life often throws things at
“We're asking Australians for your support next Saturday to vote Liberal &amp; National. So together we can build our economy to secure your future, and so we can keep the promise of Australia, to Australians, in this generation and the next.”- @ScottMorrisonMP
“The choice between a stronger economy under my Government that can guarantee real funding for hospitals, schools and roads and Labor who always runs out of money, and always comes after yours.” - @ScottMorrisonMP
"Our security agencies will always get the resources &amp; laws that they need to keep Australians safe from terrorism. These agencies have thwarted 15 major terrorist attacks. They are modern heroes &amp; we thank them for everything they have done to keep us safe." - @ScottMorrisonMP
We have a plan to keep our kids safe online, ensuring the big social media and technology companies are subject to the same rules and responsibilities that apply in the physical world. #BuildingOurEconomy
“To ensure young Australians reach their full potential, we will continue to make record investments in education” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“Those who have served our country and defended our values will always be an abiding focus for a Coalition Government.” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“We’ll deliver extra funding for the Australian Breastfeeding Association to help support mothers and new research efforts to assist in the support of the health of women and babies.” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“I make a pledge to the 13.5 million Australians with Private Health Insurance, there will be no private health insurance cuts under my Government.” - @ScottMorrisonMP
“Our extra $31 billion for public hospitals over the next five years, which is in our Budget, is equivalent to over 46 million emergency department services, 75 million outpatient services or 1.1 million knee replacements.” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“The scheme will be available to first-home buyers with an income of up to $125000, or a couple with $200000 where they are both first home buyers.” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“I want more Australians to be able to realise the dream of owning their own home.” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“We believe as Liberals and Nationals, you know what is right for you, your family and your business. We believe you, Australians, are the answer to keeping our economy strong.” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“Central to our plan to keeping our economy strong is our plan to keep lowering taxes for hard working Australians &amp; small &amp; medium sized family businesses - making life just that little bit easier.” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“I say to Australians, do not allow Labor’s reckless spending to start, vote Liberal and Nationals next Saturday.” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“To run a stronger economy requires a Government that knows how to manage money.” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“A plan that will see another 250000 small and family businesses open their doors during the next five years.” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“Because people matter, a stronger economy matters. Because the economy is what people live in. It’s real.” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“It is the promise that allows Australians, quietly going about their lives, to realise their simple, honest and decent aspirations. Quiet, hard working Australians.” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“I believe that Australia is a promise to everyone who has the great privilege to call themselves an Australian” - @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
We're launching our campaign in Melbourne today. Watch LIVE on our Facebook page now:  #BuildingOurEconomy
Don't miss our campaign launch from Melbourne where we’re outlining our plan to continue to build our economy and secure your future. #BuildingOurEconomy
Wishing all mothers across Australia a happy Mother's Day!
Australia is back in black and back on track. #BuildingOurEconomy
We are investing an additional $37 billion in schools over the next decade.
The Government’s $100 billion investment in transport infrastructure will bust congestion and boost our economy.
Our plan will deliver 1.25 million more jobs over the next five years.
Under our plan, income taxes will be lower, fairer and simpler so Australians keep more of what they earn and save.
Australia can't afford Labor. Labor = higher taxes. #ausvotes #auspol
My beautiful wife. Wherever we go, people want to chat to Jen, you can see why.
Investing more in education and training for our children’s futures is only possible with a strong economy, and only the Morrison Govt has a plan for a stronger economy.
We're for jobs because jobs change lives. That's why we're committing to creating 1.25m more new jobs over the next
Labor's "costings" presentation said it all yesterday: They would slug Australians with billions in higher taxes.
98% of Labor’s higher taxes would hit Australians not multinationals.
Labor can't manage money.
Labor has released their policy “costings”. When Labor runs out of money, they come after yours.
When it sounds too good to be  You can’t trust Labor when it comes to the economy and your taxes.
#BREAKING: Labor has released their policy “costings”. #auspol
Today, Labor has release their policy “costings”. Labor can’t manage money.
When Labor runs out of money, they come after yours.
Labor's new child care policy could drive up the cost of care and force your local centre to close its doors altogether.
Labor's new child care policy could drive up the cost of care and force your local centre to close its doors altogether.
Labor can't manage money
Labor’s Family Business Tax would hit over 300000 small businesses with a turnover under $10 million.  Australia can’t afford Labor.
With a strong economy, we will deliver on our plan. #BuildingOurEconomy #auspol #ausvotes
Labor = Higher taxes on retirees, housing, income, investments, family businesses, electricity and more.
You just can’t trust Bill Shorten and Labor when it comes to taxes.  Labor = higher taxes on retirees, housing, income, investments, family businesses, electricity and more.
Bill Shorten's choice for chief diplomat
Bill Shorten poses the greatest risk to Australia's economy in a generation. Labor would put at risk Australia's 27 years of consecutive economic growth.
Labor’s Housing Tax would change the goal posts on these mum and dad investors by making their investments worth less. It would have a flow-on effect across the entire property market and economy.
A strong economy is what enables us to support Australians in their everyday lives.
To protect Australia’s future security and interests, we are undertaking the biggest rebuild of the Australian Defence Force since World War Two. We will invest over $200 billion in Australia’s defence capability over the next 10 years #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Our Child Care Subsidy is benefitting nearly one million Australian families. We have made the system better targeted to provide more support for the families who need it the most. #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Child care costs have continued to go up? Bill Shorten doesn’t seem to believe in objective evidence and data:
Labor’s Housing Tax would hit property values, increase rents and hurt Australia’s economy. Get the facts: #LaborsTaxBill #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Recent ABS statistics show our changes have reduced child care costs for families by 8.9% in the first 9 months of the new Child Care Subsidy. We are making Child Care more affordable for Australian families. #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
The Government’s new Child Care Subsidy is making child care more accessible and affordable for nearly 1 million families. A typical family is around $1300 better off a year, and they will benefit from our personal income tax cuts.  #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Renewable energy will reach 23.5% of Australia’s electricity supply by 2020. Snowy 2.0 &amp; Tasmania’s Battery of the Nation project will help make renewables more reliable, providing 24/7 power to households and businesses. Read more: #LeadersDebate #auspol
We've got $25 billion of investment in renewable energy technologies going into Australia between 2018 and 2020. These are record levels of investment in renewable technologies and energy in Australia. #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
FACT: Australia will meet its global emissions target (of 26% to 28% below 2005 levels by 2030).Our Climate Solutions Package will deliver reduced emissions, lower energy costs and improve the natural environment. Read more at   #LeadersDebate #auspol
"This is real income that these million Australians are relying on. And Labor is callously taking it away. And I will never support that." -Scott Morrison #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Labor’s Retiree Tax would hit over one million Australians who work hard and save for their retirement. Get the facts: #LaborsTaxBill  #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Labor’s plan for hundreds of billions of dollars in new and increased taxes - on retirees, housing, incomes, family businesses, investments and electricity - will destroy jobs. You can’t tax your way to prosperity.  #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
“Higher taxes will slow the economy down and ensure Australians are not in the strongest possible position to face the challenges ahead”  - Scott Morrison #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Bill Shorten's Retiree Tax would hit up to 50000 pensioners. Get the FACTS: #ausvotes #auspol#LeadersDebate.
Bill Shorten wants to hit around 1 million Australians (including around 50000 pensioners) with his Retiree Tax #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Remember the last time Labor promised a surplus? Result: 6 record deficits totalling $240 billion #LaborsTaxBill  #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Bill Shorten doesn’t know how many Medicare items will be covered under his plan, leaving a potential funding gap of $6 billion. #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Bill Shorten continues to avoid answering the basic question: how much would his policies cost Australians? #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
We we have invested $10.6 billion to make more than 2000 new or amended medicines available on the PBS. Under Labor the listing of 7 medicines were deferred because they couldn't manage the Budget.  #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Labor would introduce four new or higher taxes on superannuation. These would grab $34 billion over a decade from around 1 million workers. Read more at #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Under Labor, 17 detention centres needed to opened and their policy failure cost the budget $16 billion. Only the Liberals can be trusted on border security. #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Julia and Kevin couldn't trust Bill Shorten. Can you? #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Labor voted to undermine offshore processing. Labor also opposed Temporary Protection Visas. This sends a dangerous signal to people smugglers, who are ready to exploit any weakness. Labor can’t be trusted on border security. #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
If Bill Shorten’s union members couldn’t trust him with their money, how can you trust him with yours? #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Stopping the boats has enabled the Government to close 19 detention centres and remove all children from detention. #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes
Child care costs skyrocketed under Labor when they were last in government. You can expect even worse from their latest policy failure.
Be sure to watch @ScottMorrisonMP take on Bill Shorten on tonight’s Leaders' Debate at 7:30PM AEST on ABC News. #auspol
Our plan for Australia will create 1.25 million new jobs over the next 5 years. Building our economy means we can keep investing record funding in essential services like schools, hospitals and roads.
The Morrison Government will back Australia’s manufacturing sector to expand and create more jobs. A reinvigorated ‘Australian Made’ campaign will help grow export markets.
Our fast-tracked small business tax cuts will benefit 970000 small and medium businesses and 5 million workers. Only the Liberals have a plan for a stronger economy that backs small businesses.
Only the Liberal Party has the record and the plan to build our economy to secure your future.
He's the only one talking about a death tax.
Congratulations to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Harry and Meghan, on the birth of their baby boy today!
Our Government's track record in delivering a strong economy ensures we can invest in essential services such as youth mental health and suicide prevention services. Read our policy at #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
When Bill Shorten was Assistant Treasurer, Labor delayed the listing of medicines for: ❌ Severe asthma  ❌ Schizophrenia  ❌ Chronic pain ❌ Endometriosis  ❌ Blood clots  ❌ Lung disease  ❌ Enlarged prostates Labor can’t manage money. #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
FACT: Almost 9 in 10 Australians don’t have to pay anything when they see their GP. #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
FACT: GP bulk billing rate has increased from 82% under Labor to 86% now. The Morrison Government has ended Labor’s Medicare freeze. #auspol #ausvotes #QandA
The Government is making an additional 13500 residential care places available from 2018-19 — the largest number ever in a single funding round. In addition, the Government is providing $60 million for residential care infrastructure. #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
Bill Shorten clearly does not understand franking credits. They are NOT a gift. They are a tax refund. Someone on a
FACT: Labor would introduce four new or higher taxes on superannuation. These would grab billions of dollars from around 1 million workers. #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
FACT: 84% of people that would be affected by Labor's Retiree Tax are on taxable incomes below $37000. Read more at #auspol #ausvotes #QandA
Labor’s Retiree Tax changes the goal posts on people who have worked hard and saved for their retirement. #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
Labor's Retiree Tax will hit over one million Australians who work hard and save. It will cause more people to rely on the age pension #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
Julia and Kevin couldn't trust Bill Shorten. Can you? #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
Bill Shorten still can't explain how much his promises will cost and what the impact of his taxes will be. #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
The Bill Australia can’t afford. #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
If Bill Shorten’s union members couldn’t trust him with their money, how can you trust him with yours? #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
The last thing our economy needs now is to be hit by Bill Shorten’s higher taxes – on retirees, housing, income, investments, family businesses, electricity and more. #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
John Symond on Labor's negative gearing changes: "I am concerned that it would do so much damage - unemployment, higher interest rates - it could tip us into recession." - Aussie John Symond, Founder of Aussie Home Loans, 19/11/2018 #auspol #ausvotes #QandA
Here's what happened last time a Labor government changed negative gearing - rents went through the roof and Labor had to backflip #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
FACT: Two-thirds of Australians who negatively gear a rental property have a taxable income of less than $87000. Around 72% have just one investment property. Read more at #auspol #ausvotes #QandA
Last financial year, 100000 young Australians got a job, the highest number on record. #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
ALP President and former Treasurer, Wayne Swan, sounds a warning about Labor's Housing Tax #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
Now would be the worst possible time for Labor's proposed Housing Tax #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
When Labor were last in government, child care fees increased by 53% #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
When Bill Shorten &amp; Labor talk about ‘reforming the tax system’ what they mean is imposing $387bn in higher taxes on
Bill Shorten = 🤥 #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
Here's a quick summary of Bill Shorten's Retiree Tax that will hit around 50000 pensioners #auspol #ausvotes #qanda
65 times and counting that Bill Shorten has now avoided answering the simple question: by how much will Labor increase taxes? #ausvotes #auspol #qanda
Bill Shorten wants higher taxes on retirees, housing, incomes, investments, family business, electricity and more. Read more at #qanda #auspol #ausvotes
It’s the Bill Australia can’t afford.
House Morrison will maintain Iron Bank surpluses and pay down Labor’s debts. ⚔️
Billnocchio at his campaign launch 🤥
Hey @AustralianLabor, do you need to borrow our truck?
What will Bill tax next?
The Morrison Government will back Australia’s manufacturing sector to expand and create more jobs. A reinvigorated ‘Australian Made’ campaign will help grow export markets. #BuildingOurEconomy
How did we do @bowenchris? ✅Unemployment below 6 1/4 per cent. ✅Keep Australia in the Top 10 Wealthiest Countries. ✅Maintain AAA Credit rating with 3 stable outlooks. ✅Keep taxation as a percentage of GDP below 23.7 per cent.
So proud of Jen and so blessed to have her in my life. She’s right - it’s time the stigma was removed and we started
SPOTTED: @SwannyQLD at the Labor launch. Here's what he had to say about Labor's Housing Tax. #auspol #ausvotes
More than three weeks into the campaign, Bill Shorten still hasn't told the Australian people how much his emissions policies will cost #auspol #ausvotes
Australia does not deserve a Labor Party which can't manage money and is coming after yours. #auspol #ausvotes
Labor's Retiree Tax would hit around 50000 pensioners. Australia can't afford Labor #auspol #ausvotes
When Bill Shorten was Assistant Treasurer, Labor delayed the listing of medicines for: ❌ Severe asthma  ❌ Schizophrenia  ❌ Chronic pain ❌ Endometriosis  ❌ Blood clots  ❌ Lung disease  ❌ Enlarged prostates Labor can’t manage money. #auspol #ausvotes
Labor's Retiree Tax would change the goal posts on retirees and force more older Australians to rely on the pension #ausvotes #auspol
Under the Liberal and Nationals Government, federal hospital funding continues to increase every year and in every state #auspol #ausvotes
In Government, Labor cut employer incentives for apprenticeships 9 times - a total of $1.2 billion. Due to Labor’s cuts, 25% fewer apprentices took-up training between 2012 and 2013 - the biggest drop on record #ausvotes #auspol
Over the next 5 years we will deliver a further 80000 apprenticeships. When Bill Shorten was the minister for employment, there was a decline of 110000 apprentices (or 22%) in just one year (2012-13), the largest annual decline on record. #auspol #ausvotes
Our guaranteed funding commitment delivers an additional $37 billion in schools over the next decade (to 2029). This increases average funding per student by 62% over a decade. #auspol #ausvotes
Bill Shorten wants to hit around 1 million Australians (including around 50000 pensioners) with his great big Retiree Tax. Australia can't afford Labor. #ausvotes #auspol
Paul Keating on modern Labor: "It has lost the ability to speak aspirationally to people and to fashion policies to meet those aspirations" #auspol #ausvotes
When Bill Shorten was the Minister for Employment, there was a decline of 110000 apprentices (or 22%) in just one year (2012-13), the largest annual decline on record. #auspol #ausvotes
Last time Labor changed negative gearing, rents went through the roof and they were forced to backflip. Australia can't afford Labor's Housing Tax #ausvotes #auspol
Youth jobs suffered under Labor falling by 55000 between 2007 and 2013 when they left office driving the unemployment rate to 12.7 per cent. #auspol #ausvotes
Hey @billshortenmp in 2013 Labor left a weakening economy, rising unemployment &amp; a rapidly deteriorating budget
Under Labor, hard-working Australians would be hit by billions in higher taxes. #auspol #ausvotes
SPOTTED: The last Labor Treasurer to deliver a Budget surplus - in 1989! (He also gave us "the recession we had to have" and 17% interest rates) #ausvotes #auspol
The choice at this election. #ausvotes #auspol
This is what would happen to families under a Shorten Labor Government. #auspol #ausvotes
If Bill Shorten's so great, why has Tanya removed him from her campaign materials? #auspol #ausvotes
Introducing a few of Bill's Shadow Ministers: Tony Burke, Brendan O'Connor and Chris Bowen. #auspol #ausvotes
When Penny Wong was Minister for Finance, Labor delivered three huge Budget deficits. Labor can't manage money. #auspol #ausvotes
If Bill Shorten’s union members couldn’t trust him with their money, how can you trust him with yours? #auspol #ausvotes
The one thing Kevin Rudd and Julia Gillard agree on: “The distrust between Rudd and Shorten was intense and enduring. The Gillard camp was contemptuous of Shorten, considering him weak and.Neither side trusted him and neither side revised its view” #auspol #ausvotes
Another Labor lie from @AnnastaciaMP. Under the Liberals and Nationals, $25.8 billion has been committed to transport infrastructure across QLD since we came to government in 2013. #auspol #ausvotes
When Annastacia and Bill first met 30 years ago, Labor were delivering their last Budget surplus. #auspol #ausvotes
Bill's lies are catching, @AnnastaciaMP. The Australian Government’s hospital funding contribution to Queensland is growing from $2.7 billion in 2012–13 to an estimated $6.8 billion in 2024–25. #auspol #ausvotes
Julia and Kevin couldn't trust Bill Shorten. Can you? #auspol #ausvotes
Labor's billions of dollars in higher taxes will put the squeeze on all Australians. Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol #ausvotes
The Morrison Government is ensuring young people get help where and when it’s needed by investing an additional $375 million to expand and improve the headspace network. #auspol
We are expanding the Safer Communities program so that we can get more CCTV cameras in crime hotspots and to protect strengthened security for schools and supported other crime prevention efforts.
Labor is the path to the debt side. Labor leads to more waste, more waste leads to higher taxes, higher taxes to a weak economy. #MayThe4thBeWithYou
Why is Bill Shorten afraid to share the cost of Labor’s policies with the Australian people?
Bill Shorten failed another 3 times to tell Australians the cost of Labor's reckless policies on jobs, wages and the economy.
What about Livin’ on a Prayer? It was a hit in the decade that Labor last delivered a budget surplus and also outlines Labor’s economic plan.
We have committed $22 million to threatened species, including a network of wildlife safe havens and a $6 million koala package. This will be delivered through our $100 million Environment Restoration Fund.
We will provide $50 million to the Tourism Icons Package to support the development of iconic tourism projects – creating new jobs and helping to diversify local economies.
Bill Shorten continues to dodge questions about the cost of Labor’s policies on hard-working Australians.
Last time they were in government, Labor delivered 6 record deficits totalling $240 billion.  Australia can’t afford to go back to Labor. #StarWarsDay #MayThe4thBeWithYou
The economy is strong with this one. #StarWarsDay #MayThe4thBeWithYou
We are committed to a Basin Plan that delivers certainty to farmers, communities &amp; the environment. That is why we will ask the ACCC to undertake a review of the southern Basin water market &amp; its operation, to ensure we get the best out of the Basin Plan.
BREAKING: For the 62nd time this campaign, Bill Shorten has refused to outline the cost of his policies and the size of his total tax bill. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #LeadersDebate
Yet again, Bill Shorten refuses to answer simple questions about the impact his policies will have on jobs and wages. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #LeadersDebate
Labor’s higher taxes would weaken our economy, cost jobs and lead to higher unemployment, which would lead to lower
FACT: In 2011 Labor deferred the listing of seven medicines, saying: “the listing of some medicines would be deferred until fiscal circumstances permit”. (2011-12 Portfolio Budget Statement). #auspol #LeadersDebate
When Bill Shorten was Assistant Treasurer, Labor delayed the listing of medicines for: ❌ Severe asthma  ❌ Schizophrenia  ❌ Chronic pain ❌ Endometriosis  ❌ Blood clots  ❌ Lung disease  ❌ Enlarged prostates   Labor can’t manage money. #auspol
Our tax plan delivers income tax relief for ALL hard working families, prioritising lower income earners. We also
We are investing $30 million in Veterans’ Wellbeing Centres around Australia in partnership with state govts and ex-service organisations, including new Centres in Darwin, Nowra and Wodonga. #aupol #LeadersDebate
Last time Labor delivered a surplus was 1989. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #LeadersDebate
Last time Labor delivered a Budget surplus was in 1989. Australia can't afford Labor. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #LeadersDebate
Last time Bill Shorten promised to deliver a Budget surplus, Labor delivered a deficit of $18.8 billion! #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #LeadersDebate
.@ScottMorrisonMP on franking credits: The suggestion that these people have not paid tax... This is the money they rely
Our guaranteed funding invests an additional $37 billion in schools over the next decade. This increases average funding per student by 62% over that period. #auspol #BuildingOurEconomy #LeadersDebate
Bill Shorten on his billions of dollars of higher taxes: “if you've never heard of it, don’t worry about it” #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #LeadersDebate
.@ScottMorrisonMP: There's $387bn worth of individual higher taxes @AustralianLabor is proposing. Of all the tax being
.@ScottMorrisonMP: My answers will cover one theme; 'Australia is the best country in the world and I have a plan to
Bill Shorten can’t (or won’t) explain his plans for billions of dollars of higher taxes on Australian families, workers and small businesses. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #LeadersDebate
We are investing in youth mental health, so that at-risk young people are supported with the best care available. The Govt's $503m Youth Mental Health and Suicide Prevention Plan is the largest suicide prevention strategy in Australia’s history. #auspol
Bill Shorten on retiree tax’ - “If you haven’t heard about it don’t worry about it” - Did he really just say that?
When asked about Labor's billions of dollars of higher taxes, Bill Shorten replied: “if you haven’t heard about it, don’t worry about it” #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #LeadersDebate
Bill Shorten has now failed to explain the cost of his policies 60 times during this campaign. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #LeadersDebate
Bill Shorten can't explain his Retiree Tax but it will hurt over 1 million Australians. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #LeadersDebate
Just tell us how much more tax hardworking Australians will have to pay under Labor @billshortenmp and what harm it
Bill Shorten on his billions of dollars of higher taxes: “if you haven’t heard about it, don’t worry about it” #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #LeadersDebate
BREAKING: For the 60th time this campaign, Bill Shorten has refused to outline the cost of his policies and the size of his total tax bill. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #LeadersDebate
Child care fees increased by 53% when Labor was last in office. #auspol #ausvotes #ausvotes19 #LeadersDebate
Under Labor, Australia would be hit by higher taxes, more debt and a weak economy.
Bill Shorten and Labor would introduce four new or higher taxes on superannuation. These would grab $34 billion over a decade from around 1 million hard-working Australians.  Read about Labor's taxes:
Now is not the time to go backwards.  Bill Shorten and Labor would slug Australians with billions in new taxes.
“The Labor Party has gone on about not sup­porting the big end of town, this is the big end of town”
Be sure to watch Scott Morrison take on Bill Shorten on tonight’s People’s Forum at 6:30PM AEST on Sky News.
Higher Taxes. More Debt. Weak Economy. It’s the Bill Australia Can’t Afford. Get your B.S. Bundle sticker pack today!
Tune in tomorrow night and watch Scott Morrison face off against Bill Shorten at the People’s Forum at 6:30PM AEST on Sky News.
Why can’t Bill Shorten answer basic questions?
Higher Taxes. More Debt. Weak Economy. It’s the Bill Australia Can’t Afford.  Get your B.S. Bundle sticker pack today!
🚨Labor fails to rule out scrapping the private health insurance rebate. A new Labor Health Tax? 🚨
🚨 #BREAKING: Labor fails to rule out scrapping the private health insurance rebate. A new Labor Health Tax? 
Last time they were in government, Labor delivered 6 record deficits totalling $240 billion.   Australia can’t afford to go back to Labor
Our fast-tracked small business tax cuts will benefit 970000 small and medium businesses and 5 million workers. Only the Liberals have a plan for a stronger economy that backs small businesses.  Learn more:
A stronger economy means better access to life changing medicines. Since 2013, our Government has listed more than 2000 medicines worth around $10.6 billion on the PBS.
“This issue about give us one number. I don’t think that’s possible to do.” - Bill Shorten  Bill Shorten can't or won't tell Australians the cost of his own policies.
Bill Shorten can’t (or won’t) explain the cost of Labor’s policies and now he wants you to “do the maths yourself”.  Australia can’t afford Labor.
We are committed to small business creation – because when small businesses are created, jobs are created. We support the creation of another quarter of a million small businesses over the next five years, along with another 1.25 million new jobs.
Can anyone understand what Bill Shorten is talking about?
We have changed the law to make it more difficult for criminals to hide from law enforcement using encrypted messaging apps, and we will fund the AFP’s development and modernisation of enhanced technical capabilities to catch criminals in the act.
Bill Shorten can't (or won't) explain how much you'll pay in higher taxes.
Today a new medicine for arthritis saving patients up to $16000 a year is available on the PBS.   By keeping our
We have a clear plan to protect Australian families and their communities from criminals and the menace of illicit drugs, child exploitation and other crimes.
The Morrison Government will invest $34 million to establish a new Aged Care Workforce Research Centre, which will examine new ways to deliver care for older Australians and training and education for aged care providers.
Under Labor's Retiree Tax, tens of thousands of pensioners would be worse off. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #ausvotes
Bill Shorten and Labor want to change the goal posts and increase tax on the savings you're relying on. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #ausvotes
This morning, Bill Shorten denied having met his NT Senate Candidate. #LaborLies #auspol
Bill Shorten denies ever meeting NT Senate candidate who shared conspiracy theory that the world is being run by a society
Under Labor, Australians would be slugged with billions in higher taxes.  Learn more about Labor’s Tax Bill:
With a stronger economy we will create another 1.25 million jobs over the next five years. We will maintain Budget surpluses without increasing taxes, and pay down Labor's debt.
We are keeping our communities safe and criminals off our streets by increasing maximum penalties for child sex offences and firearm trafficking offences, and deporting foreign criminals.  Learn more about our plan:
Bill Shorten still doesn’t know the cost of his own policies.  Get the facts ➡
The Morrison Government will subsidise a new medicine for arthritis from 1 May 2019 saving patients and their families up to $16000 a year.
Bill's lying again
Australians will make a choice in a few weeks times, and it's an important choice. Higher taxes or lower taxes, a
Small and family businesses are the backbone of our economy. Our plan backs small businesses, to help them get ahead and create more jobs. #BuildingOurEconomy
Our plan will maintain budget surpluses and pay down Labor's debt. A strong economy is the key to creating more jobs. It is also the key to guaranteeing more funding for schools, hospitals, medicines and roads. #BuildingOurEconomy
Why can't Bill Shorten answer basic questions?
Bill still couldn't find the cost of his policies in all those notes. #ausvotes #auspol #LeadersDebate
Voting has started. People deserve to know what the cost of change is. Support your local Liberal candidate at #BuildingOurEconomy #ausvotes #LeadersDebate
When he didn’t have anyone to throw to, @BillShortenMP couldn’t answer the questions tonight. Either he doesn’t know the facts, or he doesn't want the people of Australia to know. He is the Bill Australia can’t afford. #BuildingOurEconomy #ausvotes #LeadersDebate
This debate showed without a doubt that only @ScottMorrisonMP has a plan for a stronger economy and more jobs, and @BillShortenMP is unable to answer questions about his plan for higher taxes that will increase the cost of living. #BuildingOurEconomy #ausvotes #LeadersDebate
We have a plan for a stronger economy. #ausvotes #LeadersDebate #BuildingOurEconomy #StandWithScott
People have worked hard and planned for their retirement. They shouldn’t be hit by Labor’s Retiree Tax. #ausvotes #LeadersDebate
Bill's lying. Again. 🤥 #LeadersDebate #auspol
Bill Shorten is lying, again. Labor’s Retiree Tax would hit up to 50000 pensioners #ausvotes  #LeadersDebate
FACT: Stopping the boats has enabled the Government to close 19 detention centres and remove all children from detention. #LeadersDebate #auspol
We know what it takes to keep the boats stopped #ausvotes #LeadersDebate
The Morrison Government will not compromise on strong border protection. #ausvotes #LeadersDebate
💰 Our Plan will provide tax relief to over 10 million low and middle-income earners. 💰 #auspol #ausvotes #ausvotes19 #LeadersDebate #BuildingOurEconomy #StandWithScott
💸 Hard-working Australians, like teachers and nurses, would pay higher taxes under Labor. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #ausvotes #ausvotes19 #LeadersDebate
When he ran the Australian Workers Union, Bill Shorten made deals to lower penalty rates, including for retail workers at Big W, Target and Just Jeans. #auspol #ausvotes #ausvotes19 #LeadersDebate
Bill Shorten can’t answer the question about what his emissions policies would cost #auspol #ausvotes #ausvotes19 #LeadersDebate
Australians deserve to know. #auspol #ausvotes #ausvotes19 #LeadersDebate
Child care fees increased by 53% when Labor was last in office. #auspol #ausvotes #ausvotes19 #LeadersDebate
We have a positive plan for Australia #LeadersDebate #BuildingOurEconomy
Bill Shorten still won’t tell Australians by how much he would increase taxes on retirees, workers and families. #auspol #ausvotes #ausvotes19 #LeadersDebate
Labor’s Retiree Tax 👵 🧓 would hit over one million Australians who work hard and save for their retirement. Get the facts: #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #ausvotes #ausvotes19 #LeadersDebate
Strong opening from @ScottMorrisonMP during the #LeadersDebate #auspol #ausvotes #ausvotes19 #BuildingOurEconomy #StandWithScott
Up to 50000 pensioners would be hit by Mr Shorten’s Retiree Tax #auspol #ausvotes #ausvotes19 #LeadersDebate
Bill Shorten = 🤥
Bill Shorten can’t (or won’t) answer basic questions about Labor’s higher taxes on Australians.
“I’m making this pledge that we will build our economy to secure your future because people matter.” - @ScottMorrisonMP
Who’s next to be hit by Labor's higher taxes?
Tune in for tonight's debate on Channel 7TWO at 7PM AEST. Watch Scott Morrison take on Bill Shorten and share our plan to build our economy and secure your future. #StandWithScott
We want to keep Australians safe and secure, while ensuring our economy is strong. That’s why we’re investing more
We are backing Australia’s local defence industry to make it stronger, more resilient and internationally competitive by delivering our Defence Export Strategy, Defence Export Advocate, and our $3.8 billion Defence Export Facility.
Tune in for tonight's debate on Channel 7TWO at 7PM AEST. Watch Scott Morrison take on Bill Shorten and share our plan to build our economy and secure your future.
Bill Shorten can't (or won't) explain how much your taxes would increase under Labor.  Get the facts about Labor's higher taxes:
Bill Shorten and Labor would slug Australians with billions in higher taxes. Australia can’t afford Labor.  Learn more about Labor’s taxes:
"Bill Shorten doesn't know the cost of anything and I'll tell you why because he doesn't pay for it. You do."  - @ScottMorrisonMP
We are delivering a stronger economy, lower taxes and more funding for schools and hospitals. Are you in?  Sign up for our campaign:
John Howard a great Australian. Kristina Keneally - In 2009, Eddie Obeid’s pick as NSW premier (for a short time). In
Our Plan will deliver 250000 new jobs for young Australians over the next five years.  Read more:
We will deliver 1.25 million new jobs over the next five years, including 250000 jobs for young Australians.
Meeting Australians &amp; their families on this campaign has been inspiring. We really do live in the best country in
Nearly half of Australian children don’t think bread &amp; cheese comes from a farmed product. That’s pretty concerning
Thank you to NSW Premier @GladysB, John Howard, my wonderful family, and everyone who came along to our @LiberalAus
This morning Bill Shorten failed on four occasions to answer one simple question: by how much would taxes increase under Labor?
Big turnout for our @LiberalAus rally in Western Sydney where we’re outlining our positive plan for Australia
Our plan for Australia: ✅ Create more jobs and more apprenticeships ✅ Maintain budget surpluses and pay down Labor’s debt ✅ Deliver tax relief for families and small businesses ✅ Increased funding for schools, hospitals, medicines and roads ✅ Keep Australians safe and secure
Bill Shorten and Labor’s car tax will see some of the most popular cars vanish from the Australian market.
Labor’s Retiree Tax would punish Australians who have worked hard and save - including tens of thousands of pensioners.
The Morrison Government will invest $3.9 billion in the Future Drought Fund to mitigate the impact of drought.
Bill Shorten can’t (or won’t) answer basic questions about his tax grabs on hard-working Australians.
We’re backing our farming and rural communities in, particularly those that are impacted by drought. Today in Dubbo
We will deliver 1.25 million new jobs over the next five years, including 250000 jobs for young Australians. ➡
We will ensure Australians have the skills they need for their future employment through a new $585 million skills package with more than 80000 new apprenticeships.
Don't let Labor put the Budget in reverse.
Bill Shorten can’t (or won’t) answer basic questions about his tax grabs on hard-working Australians.
We’re investing in more jobs for young people in rural &amp; regional Australia by doubling the size of our
In this campaign, Bill Shorten has denied his new taxes on superannuation, got his figures wrong on his negative gearing policy, failed to outline the costs of his emissions policies on jobs and the economy, and misled workers about his higher income taxes.
We are creating a world-class, modern and flexible VET system, including 10 new Industry Training Hubs to better connect local industry and schools in areas of high youth unemployment. #BuildingOurEconomy
Australia is back in black and back on track.  Join our campaign:
The Australian Government will continue to work with the Indonesian authorities to seek to resolve this issue and
John Howard is right. Labor's plan to increase taxes on hard-working Australians defies common sense.  Read more about Labor's tax bill:
Our plan for Australia will build our economy and secure your future.  Join our campaign today ➡️
.@BillShortenMP doesn’t want any more nationally televised debates because he is unable to answer questions about his plan for higher taxes and increasing the cost of living. He knows in a debate you can’t throw to someone else.
Why can't Bill Shorten answer basic questions?
More than a century ago, on the bloody battlefields of Pozieres, a seriously wounded soldier, grappling with the end
Lest we forget.   Jen and I attended the ANZAC Day dawn service in Townsville this morning.   At the going down of
They shall grow not old, as we that are left grow old;  Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn.  At the going down of the sun and in the morning  We will remember them.
We must always strive to look after the men and women who have put their lives on the line for our nation. That's why we will deliver a $63 million package to provide more for our veterans.
We have the plan and the record of keeping our economy strong, keeping Australians safe and keeping Australians together.  Are you in? Sign up for our campaign:
We are investing $30 million in Veterans’ Wellbeing Centres around Australia in partnership with state govts and ex-service organisations, including new Centres in Darwin, Nowra and Wodonga.  Read about our plan:
"Labor certainly plans to tax capital more, but it plans to tax incomes more too." (via 10 News First)
9-years-old, running his own business, and giving the profits back to charity to help other kids with dyslexia.  
We will deliver for veterans by improving care and support, helping them live their best lives by finding jobs after their service, and recognising and respecting their and their families’ service and sacrifice.  Read about our plan:
We will provide an additional $4 million to Open Arms – Veterans and Families Counselling to collaborate with the RSL to roll out a national mental health training program for volunteers to recognise people at risk and offer intervention and support.
Great to be able to meet with ADF personnel at Robertson Barracks in Darwin today and thank them for their service
Only @JoshFrydenberg will deliver for Kooyong, Labor will whack Kooyong residents with new taxes on retirees, housing, investments, superannuation, electricity and cars.
We have the plan and the record of keeping our economy strong, keeping Australians safe and keeping Australians together. Are you in?  Sign up for our campaign:
Today I spoke to Sudesh Kolonne, whose wife &amp; daughter were killed in the attacks, to express my deepest condolences
Tonight I visited the Sri Lankan community in Darwin to attend a special ceremony to remember the victims of the
We’re also ensuring small &amp; family businesses pay lower taxes so they can focus on investing in, and growing their
Small &amp; family businesses are the engine room of Australia &amp; we’re backing them every step of the way as part of our
Bill Shorten's tax grabs would hit workers who do overtime and work hard to get ahead.   Either Bill Shorten doesn't understand Labor's tax policy, or he's lying about it. ➡️ 
We are backing small business by increasing the instant asset write off from $25000 to $30000. If you need a fridge or grill for a café, new plumber’s tools or a new van for a courier, we are making it easier to buy the things to grow your business. ➡️
With one snap, Bill Shorten would hit Australians with billions in higher taxes. ➡️
Bill Shorten's new Car Tax would increase the cost of Australia's most popular cars by up to $5000.  Sign the petition to stop Labor's Car Tax:
We will deliver 1.25 million new jobs over the next five years, including 250000 jobs for young Australians. ➡
Our $2 billion Australian Business Securitisation Fund will increase small businesses’ access to debt finance by increasing competition in the business lending market. That means better access to loans, and more opportunities to grow your business.
Can you trust Labor on taxes?
Under Labor’s plan, the cost of almost all new cars in Australia would increase by up to $5000.  Learn more about Labor's new Car Tax:
A strong economy is the key to creating more jobs. Our Plan will deliver 1.25 million new jobs over the next five years.
A re-elected Morrison Government will invest $10 million to create a dedicated network of Aged Care System Navigators to assist people from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds and their families in navigating the aged care system.
We believe in a fair go for people who have a go, no matter who they are. That's why we are supporting initiatives across Australia, including in classrooms, to promote social inclusion and strengthen our multicultural heritage. #auspol
Labor’s Senate candidate in NSW has proposed a Death Tax. Labor already wants a new Retiree Tax. How long before they want to tax what you leave behind?  Read more about Labor's taxes:
Under Labor, Australians would be slugged with billions in higher taxes.  Learn more about Labor’s Tax Bill:
Labor's billions of dollars in higher taxes will impact everyone. #auspol #ausvotes #laborstaxbill
Last time Labor delivered a surplus, Bob Hawke was on the Iron Throne.  Labor never pay their debts! #GameofThrones #LaborsTaxBill #auspol
We are supporting grassroots initiatives that foster belonging and break down barriers to social and economic participation, with a $71 million investment over 4 years.
Australia is the most successful multicultural society in the world and our Government is working to ensure we remain a strong, prosperous and united society.
We will continue to celebrate our nation’s unique migrant heritage while strengthening our economy, maintaining social cohesion and securing our future by expanding programs to help new arrivals settle and integrate into Australian communities.
A re-elected Morrison Government will invest an additional $5 million in a dedicated Accelerator Support Program to assist migrants looking to develop start-up businesses. #ausvotes #auspol
Labor’s Car Tax would mean 98% of all new cars sold in Australia will be taxed up to $5000. Australia can’t afford Labor.
The Morrison Government will invest $65m to establish Australia’s first dedicated cystic fibrosis specialist unit, which will provide specialised treatment with state-of-the-art equipment. #ausvotes
Bill Shorten is missing from Labor Party campaign material in at least 27 federal seats. 🤔
@ALeighMP Hey @ALeighMP, here’s Labor voting against our Bill to combat multinational tax avoidance in 2015. Making sure multinationals pay their fair share is part of our plan for a stronger economy and more jobs #LaborLies
We’ll invest $100m to establish state-of-the art infrastructure and equipment to provide patients with hope and access to advanced treatment options regardless of where they live. #ausvotes
✅ FACT: Over 133 million free GP services were delivered last year, 27.3 million more than in Labor’s last year.  Bill Shorten and Labor have a history of lying. We can’t let them get away with it. Get the facts:
My statement in response to the terrorist attacks in Sri Lanka.
The Morrison Government is supporting Aussies through cancer by ensuring that 99% of out of hospital Medicare pathology services are free, and  investing $614 million for clinical trials for rare cancers, rare diseases and unmet needs. #ausvotes #auspol
We are supporting Aussies through cancer with over $2.3 billion worth of cancer medicines listed on the PBS in the last year alone and $614 million in new funds for clinical trials for rare cancers and other rare diseases. #auspol #ausvotes
A stronger economy means more money for public hospitals. Our new 5-year public hospital agreement with states and territories delivers $31 billion more funding for hospitals from 2020-21 to 2024-25. 🏥👩‍⚕️👨‍⚕️#auspol #BuildingOurEconomy #ausvotes
Every time Bill comes around, he's got a new tax. 🎠
Another successful day going around in circles for @Shorten_Suite
✅ FACT: Over 133 million free GP services were delivered last year, 27.3 million more than in Labor’s last year. Under our Government almost nine out of 10 visits to the GP are free and we are investing an addition $6 billion in Medicare. #auspol
A strong economy means more funds that can be invested in life saving medicines, such as our $220 million Cardiovascular Mission, which will improve health outcomes for patients suffering heart attacks. ❤️🏥 #ausvotes #auspol #BuildingOurEconomy
We are #BuildingOurEconomy so that we can guarantee essential services, like making more medicines affordable through the PBS.  Since 2013, over 2000 new or amended medicine listings worth over $10.6 billion have been listed. 💉💊  #auspol #ausvotes
We are delivering a world class healthcare system, with a $1.6 billion package to support primary care, $375 million to roll out more MRI licences across the country, and more medical research funded through the $20 billion Medical Research Future Fund. #auspol
✅ FACT: By #BuildingOurEconomy we can guarantee Medicare and are able to invest a further $6 billion over the next 4 years. We can also provide record investment in public hospitals, higher than every year under Labor. 🏥 #ausvotes #auspol
Our Long-Term National Health Plan is providing Aussies with access to quality medical care, record hospital funding, affordable life-saving medicines and breakthrough research for new drugs and treatments. ⚕️🏥 #auspol #ausvotes #BuildingOurEconomy
If Bill Shorten’s union members couldn’t trust him with their money, how can you trust him with yours? #auspol #ausvotes
A further $25.6m for our health plan for Tasmania - that’s on top of the $91.9m we committed last week. This
More than 1.3 million new jobs have been created since we were elected. There is a clear choice at this election.  We're delivering a stronger economy, while Labor’s higher taxes would weaken our economy. #BuildingOurEconomy
As part of the 2019-20 Budget we are improving local roads, committing an extra $2.2 billion for key local road initiatives.  Read more about our plan:
#BREAKING: Bill Shorten’s campaign diary has been leaked...
Labor deleted their negative gearing policy from their website. They are trying to hide their Housing Tax.  Read more here:
Only the Morrison Government has a plan to back small businesses and tradies. We are delivering lower taxes for 3.4 million small businesses employing 7.7 million Australians. #BuildingOurEconomy
Extra young Libs at Tasmanian Campaign Rally in Launceston
The Liberal and Nationals Government has a plan to help make Australians safer on our roads.
Australian businesses could be forced to spend more than $25 billion on foreign carbon credits to meet Labor’s reckless emission targets.  Australia can’t afford Labor.
Tassie has become Australia’s turnaround state through the efforts of the Morrison and Hodgman governments. We’re creating jobs, strengthening the health system and protecting the Tasmanian way of life.   Read more about our plan:
A strong economy is the key to creating more jobs. Our Plan will deliver 1.25 million new jobs over the next five years. #BuildingOurEconomy
Our record $100 billion investment in transport infrastructure will reduce congestion, connect our regions, and get people home sooner and safer. 🚙 Learn more about our plan:
"Why can't you answer the question, Mr. Shorten?"
Labor obviously forgot to tell its candidate for the seat of Parkes that nuclear power is evil #ausvotes
Labor are getting desperate, and we are only 8 days in. This is not our policy and we have no plans to change that.
The independent Pre-Election Economic and Fiscal Outlook 2019 (PEFO) has verified what we already knew.  Australia is back in black and back on track.
Our Plan will deliver 250000 new jobs for young Australians over the next five years. #BuildingOurEconomy  Read more:
Bill Shorten won’t (or can’t?) explain Labor’s tax grabs on hard-working Australians.  Get the facts:
REMINDER: Bill Shorten doesn’t just lie about health and education. Check out his 2012 newsletter which said: “Back in surplus, on time, as promised” #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #ausvotes
Remember the last time Labor promised a surplus? Result: 6 record deficits totalling $240 billion #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #ausvotes
The last Labor surplus was in 1989. #LaborsTaxBill #ausvotes #auspol
We know power prices are hurting Aussie small businesses. That’s why we’re taking action to lower power prices. By mid-2019 more than 800000 Aussie families and small businesses will see their power prices fall. #BuildingOurEconomy
We will deliver affordable, reliable, 24/7 power to Aussie families, businesses and communities by introducing a price safety net to protect loyal customers. Small businesses know that only the Morrison Govt has a plan to keep the lights on. #BuildingOurEconomy
‘Analysis’ by left wing Australia Institute of our tax plan is wrong. Our plan prioritises income tax relief for low
Only the Morrison Govt has a plan to back small businesses and tradies. While Labor wants to increase the cost of business, we are cutting power prices by up to 15% by mid-2019. ⚡️📉 #BuildingOurEconomy
When small business is strong, our economy is strong. That’s why we have upgraded the Energy Made Easy website and delivered the $11.7 million Business Energy Advice Program to provide practical advice to help small businesses. #BuildingOurEconomy
We are committed to getting energy prices down by scrapping the ‘loyalty tax’ and locking in better deals for nearly 800000 households and small businesses. #BuildingOurEconomy
Under Labor’s plan, the cost of almost all new cars in Australia would increase by up to $5000.  Learn more about Labor's new Car Tax:
🤥
We are providing more funding and more powers to allow the ACCC to monitor electricity and gas prices. It’s one more way we are backing small businesses by delivering affordable, reliable power. #BuildingOurEconomy
Our Plan will provide tax relief to over 10 million low- and middle-income earners. #BuildingOurEconomy
When Labor runs out of money, they come after yours, including through four new taxes on your super that would hit around 1 million Australians.  Learn more ➡ 
Treasury and Finance independently confirm budget surplus and expose Labor’s lies:
Bill Shorten would increase taxes on your super.  Learn more:
@Bowenchris thanks for the traffic!
Under Labor, homes would be worth less and rents would increase all over Australia.  Learn more about Labor’s Housing Tax:
Chris Bowen says "The Liberal Party plan is not active on their website" ahead of Election 2019.   But the website is
And here's another website you might be interested in about your plan for higher taxes @Bowenchris #LaborsTaxBill #ausvotes #auspol
This one is working well too @Bowenchris  #laborlies #ausvotes #auspol
Hey @Bowenchris, our website is working just fine, thanks. You can read about Our Plan here: #auspol #ausvotes
Our plan for Australia will build our economy and secure your future.  Join our campaign today ➡️   #BuildingOurEconomy
We will deliver 1.25 million new jobs over the next five years, including 250000 jobs for young Australians. #BuildingOurEconomy
Not good enough to wipe some of their tax hikes from their website. Labor should wipe their $387bn tax grab all
Every time Bill Shorten moves his lips you know he is lying.  There’s $34 billion worth of increased taxes on
Labor’s Retiree Tax would punish Australians who have worked hard and saved - including tens of thousands of pensioners.   To help us stop it, sign up here:
Busy day out &amp; about meeting with older Australians &amp; listening to them about the issues that matter to them &amp; their
Bill Shorten faced his toughest day of the campaign so far -- called out for not answering questions and falsely
When Labor runs out of money, they come after yours.  Learn more about Labor's taxes ➡️
Bill Shorten’s tax grab from retirees will punish those who have worked hard to be self-reliant, forcing more people to
Our fast-tracked small business tax cuts will benefit 970000 small and medium businesses and 5 million workers. Only the Liberals have a plan for a stronger economy that backs small businesses.  Learn more:
If elected, Labor would slug Australians with big new taxes totalling $387 billion over a decade.  Learn more about Labor’s taxes:
"Bill Shorten would lead the highest taxing government in Australia’s history, with his policies amounting to a $387 billion tax hit on families and the economy over the next decade."  The Bill Australia can't afford.
What is Labor hiding?  Their $387bn in higher taxes would harm our economy, put jobs at risk and hurt Australian
Older Australians have worked hard all their lives, saved and planned for their future, only to have the rug pulled
We’re on the side of retirees and will continue to fight for them. Nearly 1 million older Australians will be hit by
If you own a small business, you are better off under the Liberals. If you work in a small business, you are better off under the Liberals. If you shop at a small business, you are better off under the Liberals. #BuildingOurEconomy #qanda #auspol #ausvotes
We will build an even stronger economy based on individual enterprise and aspiration while guaranteeing essential services. We will deliver 1.25 million new jobs over the next five years, including 250000 jobs for young Australians. #auspol #ausvotes #qanda #BuildingOurEconomy
The Government will invest $310.3 billion for school recurrent funding from 2018 to 2029. Of this, an estimated $28.8 billion will be provided for the student with disability loading. #qanda #auspol #ausvotes
Labor: the Bill Australia can't afford. #auspol #LaborsTaxBill #qanda
We established the $20 billion Medical Research Future Fund, which is investing in cutting-edge treatments that will save lives #qanda #auspol #BuildingOurEconomy
Labor can’t manage money, which means they come after yours. The last thing our economy needs now is to be hit by Bill Shorten’s higher taxes – on retirees, housing, income, investments, family businesses, electricity and cars. #LaborsTaxBill #qanda #auspol
Labor’s Retiree Tax would hit over one million Australians who work hard and save for their retirement. Get the facts: #LaborsTaxBill #qanda #auspol
You can read more about Labor's Tax Bill at #LaborsTaxBill #qanda #auspol #ausvotes
Labor's position on Adani depends on which city Bill's in. #LaborsTaxBill #BillBus #qanda
#BillBus
Our plan for Australia will build our economy and secure your future.  Join our campaign today ➡️https://t.co/oWJQk87sey #BuildingOurEconomy
Last year we passed into law a three step plan to deliver $144 billion in personal income tax cuts. Now, we will go even further. Two significant changes will deliver $158 billion of additional tax relief for hard-working Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
#BillBus
By backing small businesses, we are building a stronger economy that guarantees the essential services Australians rely on. When small businesses are healthy, all Australians are better off. Read more ⬇️ #BuildingOurEconomy
Taxpayers earning up to $126000 a year – including teachers, tradies and nurses – will receive a tax cut. For a single income family, this means up to $1080 in your pocket per year and for families on a dual income, up to $2160. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Australia faces serious challenges. The answer to these challenges is not higher taxes. The answer to these challenges is a stronger and more competitive economy, with lower taxes and more jobs. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We are supporting our farmers with $6.3 billion in funding for drought-affected communities and $3.1 billion to support the rebuilding of agriculture in flood-hit regions. #BuildingOurEconomy
More than 350000 businesses have taken up the instant asset write-off and now it will also be expanded to businesses with a turnover of up to $50 million. This will cover an additional 22000 businesses, employing 1.7 million Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Small businesses are the engine-room of our economy. They are integral to every local community. They start early and finish late. We want small businesses to prosper, and we are backing them to do so by cutting their taxes to 25 per cent. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
#GOT concerns about Bill’s higher taxes? #GameOfThrones
Great to be in Brisbane with @ScottMorrisonMP &amp; the @LNPQLD team. We are backing Queenslanders with our economic plan
"For these young Australians, I am making this pledge that we will build our economy to secure your future because people matter." -@ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
"If you’re concerned about cost of living, then the answer is not higher if you’re concerned about cost of living, what you are interested in is an economy that is strong." @ScottMorrisonMP
"We have a plan to reduce taxes on Australians, to reduce taxes on small and family businesses." @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
"The reason we can go on and invest over half a billion dollars in combating youth suicide in this country is because we’re committed to having a strong economy." @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
“Because people matter, a strong economy matters. Because people matter, we want people in jobs. We want young people in jobs.” @ScottMorrisonMP #BuildingOurEconomy
.@ScottMorrisonMP "When you got a job, you got choices. When you got a job, you can look forward and plan for your future. When you got a job, you can save and build a family." #BuildingOurEconomy
PM has arrived to the Liberal Party rally at the Ekka in Brisbane. Starts off with “How good was Josh’s budget!?”
FACT: Federal funding for public hospital services has increased under our Government from $13.3 billion in 2012-13 to a record $21.2 billion this year (a 59% increase). #auspol #BuildingOurEconomy
We will build an even stronger economy based on individual enterprise and aspiration while guaranteeing essential services. We will deliver 1.25 million new jobs over the next five years, including 250000 jobs for young Australians. #BuildingOurEconomy
With a stronger economy we’re headed in the right direction. Last year, for the first time in history, more than
Getting young people into work is a game changer. That why we’re committing to 250000 extra jobs for young
With $387 billion in new taxes, Labor wants to squeeze every dollar out of the wallets of hard-working Australians.  Learn more about Labor’s taxes:
@juliabanksmp @drkerrynphelps @zalisteggall @MakeMayoMatter @HelenHaines1 @Indy_Ally @Indigocathy @FutureWomen
Labor’s reckless Car Tax would restrict choice and push up the cost of SUVs and utes.  Learn more about Labor’s tax bill:
Under Labor’s plan, the cost of almost all new cars in Australia would increase by up to $5000.  Learn more about Labor's new Car Tax:
Our Youth Mental Health and Suicide Prevention Plan is the largest suicide prevention strategy in Australia’s history. It will ensure young people get help where and when they needed ➡️
Sadly suicide is the leading cause of death of Australians aged 15-24. That’s why we are expanding the headspace network, boosting headspace services, and delivering record funding to provide young Australians with additional help and support ➡️
The tragedy of youth suicide touches far too many Australian families. That’s why we are providing record funding to safeguard the mental wellbeing of young Australians ➡️
We're investing in better support for young Australians, their families and their friends with mental health challenges.  Read Our Plan for Youth Suicide Prevention and Mental Health here:
We're investing in better support for young Australians, their families and their friends with mental health challenges.  Read Our Plan for Youth Suicide Prevention and Mental Health here:
We are delivering a stronger economy, lower taxes and more funding for schools and hospitals. Are you in?  Sign up for our campaign ➡️
Under Labor taxes would be $387 billion higher over the next decade than under a Liberal-National Government. If you
We will provide further funding to increase participation for women and girls in STEM, complementing our Future Female Entrepreneurs Program, which is supporting 55000 young women. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
The Bill Shorten we know is the Bill Australia can't afford.
Under the Coalition, the economy will always be stronger, allowing you and your family to get ahead and our borders will always be more secure. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We are increasing the Urban Congestion Fund four-fold from $1 billion to $4 billion. This fund will focus on immediate, practical measures to cut travel times within our cities, removing bottlenecks and improving travel corridors. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We are establishing Australia’s first comprehensive children’s cancer centre in Sydney. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We will establish a new $3.9 billion Emergency Response Fund that will ensure additional resourcing is available to support future natural disaster recovery efforts. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Taxpayers earning up to $126000 a year – including teachers, tradies and nurses – will receive a tax cut. For a single income family, this means up to $1080 in your pocket per year and for families on a dual income, up to $2160. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
A strong economy needs ongoing investment in roads, rail, bridges, dams and ports. The Coalition Government is boosting our infrastructure spending to $100 billion over the decade. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We are helping to build a new Brain and Spinal Ward in South Australia. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Small businesses are the engine-room of our economy. They are integral to every local community. They start early and finish late. We want small businesses to prosper, and we are backing them to do so by cutting their taxes to 25 per cent. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Last year we passed into law a three step plan to deliver $144 billion in personal income tax cuts. Now, we will go even further. Two significant changes will deliver $158 billion of additional tax relief for hard-working Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
If elected, @billshortenmp will lead the highest taxing government in Australia’s history, with $387 billion in new
We are delivering $453 million to once again extend pre-school education, enabling 350000 children to receive 15 hours of quality early learning per week in the year before school. Lower taxes, more infrastructure, better skills and a quality education. #BuildingOurEconomy
Our plan for Australia will build our economy and secure your future.  Join our campaign today ➡️
We’re delivering 10000 new home care packages and additional financial support for residential care. We can achieve this without new taxes and without raiding retirees’ hard-earned savings. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We will deliver new infrastructure projects to ease congestion in our cities, to unlock the potential of our regions, to better manage population growth and to improve safety on our roads. #BuildingOurEconomy
We have the track record and the plan to keep our economy strong, keep Australians safe and keep Australians together.  Join our team ➡️
Australians deserve to age with dignity and have earned the right to expect the highest standards of aged care services. That is why we have established the Royal Commission into aged care. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Last year we passed into law a three step plan to deliver $144 billion in personal income tax cuts. Tonight, we will go even further. Two significant changes will deliver $158 billion of additional tax relief for hard-working Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Our plan for Australia will build our economy and secure your future. Join our campaign today ➡️
We’re providing the Federal Police and ASIO with $570 million to keep Australians safe and allocating an additional $680 million to support our servicemen and women deployed abroad. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We will create 80000 new apprenticeships in industries with skill shortages. These new apprentices – including bakers, bricklayers, carpenters and plumbers – will also receive a $2000 incentive payment. #BuildingOurEconomy
The Government will invest $461 million in Australia’s most significant youth mental health and suicide prevention strategy. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We live in the best country in the world. But to secure your future, the road ahead depends on a strong economy. We
A stronger economy is key to guaranteeing record funding for our schools. This will ensure young Australians get the best start in life. If you agree, join the campaign ➡️
The Liberal team is delivering more jobs, tax relief for millions of families and small businesses and the first Budget surplus in more than a decade. Now is not the time to turn back. ➡️https://t.co/NWc6K8lb1s
We are delivering a stronger economy, fixing the budget and lowering taxes. Are you in?  Sign up for our campaign ➡️
Together, we can keep building our economy and securing your future.  Stand with Scott ➡️
We need your support to deliver tax relief for Australian families and small businesses.  Join our team ➡️
I’m proud of how far our country has come over the past few years. And I know there is still more work for us to do
Our plan for Australia will build our economy and secure your future.  Join our campaign today ➡️https://t.co/llo2rLQlbu
#BuildingOurEconomy  Are you with Scott? Sign up now ➡️
We have the plan and the record of keeping our economy strong, keeping Australians safe and keeping Australians together. Are you in?  Sign up for our campaign ➡️
Our plan for Australia will create 1.25 million new jobs over the next 5 years. Building our economy means we can keep investing record funding in essential services like schools, hospitals and roads.   Sign-up for the campaign today ➡️
The Liberal team is delivering more jobs, tax relief for millions of families and small businesses and the first Budget surplus in more than a decade. Now is not the time to turn back. ➡️https://t.co/NWc6K8CMq2
We’re standing with Prime Minister Scott Morrison. Let’s keep Australia back in the black and on track. Join the campaign ➡️
A stronger economy is key to guaranteeing record funding for our schools. This will ensure young Australians get the best start in life. If you agree, join the campaign ➡️
Our plan for Australia will build our economy and secure your future. Join our campaign today ➡️
#BillBus
When Labor runs out of money, they come after yours. The Bill Truck is hitting the road today #BillBus.
Building our economy. Securing your future. Join the team ⬇
Our plan will build our economy, without increasing taxes, securing the future for all Australians.
At this election there is a clear choice. It is a choice that will determine the economy that Australians live in,
We live in the best country in the world. To secure your future, the road ahead depends on a strong economy.
This morning I visited the Governor-General to advise him to call an election on 18 May.
Last year we passed into law a three step plan to deliver $144 billion in personal income tax cuts. Now, we will go even further. Two significant changes will deliver $158 billion of additional tax relief for hard-working Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We’re investing $9 billion this year in science, research and technology. We’ve established the $20 billion Medical Research Future Fund and there is also more than $400 million in this Budget for genomics research to unlock the secrets of our DNA. #BuildingOurEconomy
Under the Coalition, Medicare is guaranteed, bulk-billing is at a record high, and we are adding new services to the Medicare Benefits Schedule, including diagnostic imaging for breast cancer and heart health checks. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We will deliver new infrastructure projects to ease congestion in our cities, to unlock the potential of our regions, to better manage population growth and to improve safety on our roads. #BuildingOurEconomy
We’re delivering $337 million in new funding for our comprehensive drug strategy to crack down on outlaw motorcycle gangs and their drug supply chains. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
The Morrison Government is providing $6.3 billion in drought support and $3.3 billion for those affected by flood by expanding the National Water Infrastructure Development #BuildingOurEconomy
We are increasing the Urban Congestion Fund four-fold from $1 billion to $4 billion. This fund will focus on immediate, practical measures to cut travel times within our cities, removing bottlenecks and improving travel corridors. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We’ll deliver long-term structural reform by lowering the 32.5 per cent tax rate to 30 per cent. This will cover all taxpayers earning between $45000 and $200000 and will mean that 94 per cent of taxpayers will pay no more than 30 in the dollar. #BuildingOurEconomy
We will create 80000 new apprenticeships in industries with skill shortages. These new apprentices – including bakers, bricklayers, carpenters and plumbers – will also receive a $2000 incentive payment. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Australians deserve to age with dignity and have earned the right to expect the highest standards of aged care services. That is why we have established the Royal Commission into aged care. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We are providing additional cost of living relief for pensioners through a one-off Energy Assistance Payment of $75 for singles and $125 for couples. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
.@bowenchris is making @SwannyQLD’s former chief of staff, Jim Chalmers, responsible for spending restraint. What a joke!
What keeps @bowenchris up at night? The economies of every other country but Australia’s.
.@bowenchris says giving tax relief to lower- and middle-income earners is “highly irresponsible”.
Shadow Treasurer and Small Business Minister @bowenchris fails to once mention small businesses in his address to the National Press Club. #npc
Labor’s unfinished business on superannuation is four new super taxes. @Bowenchris #npc
Shadow Treasurer @bowenchris won’t take responsibility for his own costings! Australians can’t afford for him to be their Treasurer. #npc
.@bowenchris announced at the National Press Club today, that if elected, Labor’s $200 billion of new taxes would start in 12 weeks. #npc
New economic data shows 110000 first home buyers in the past year. Over 275000 since the last election. First home
@bowenchris has no idea how his Housing tax will work and how it will hit prices and rents. #npc
.@bowenchris says bring on a debate about aspiration but Labor only has a plan to stifle aspiration. An average income earner will be forced to pay higher taxes under Labor. #npc
When Bill Shorten was Employment Minister in 2012-13, Australia suffered the biggest ever annual decline in apprentices and trainees – a fall of 110000. We’re delivering skills for today and tomorrow with up to 80000 additional apprentices. #npc
Labor’s plan for higher taxes will mean a weaker economy, fewer jobs, lower wages and more debt and deficit. #npc
.@bowenchris says he isn’t hiding his policies but he is hiding his costings. #npc
Labor doesn’t understand that reducing taxes is not spending. It’s not Labor’s money, it’s your money. #npc
We will provide further funding to increase participation for women and girls in STEM, complementing our Future Female Entrepreneurs Program, which is supporting 55000 young women. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
.@bowenchris says our tax relief is irresponsible but Labor would increase taxes on nurses by $2000. #npc
Labor is not matching the Government’s tax relief. They are rejecting over $100 billion worth of income tax relief on top of their additional $200 billion of new and higher taxes. #npc
When he was Immigration Minister, @bowenchris was directly responsible for a $5.2 billion-dollar blowout on illegal boats. #npc
We will deliver long-term structural reform by lowering the 32.5 per cent tax rate to 30 per cent. This will cover all taxpayers earning between $45000 and $200000 and will mean that 94 per cent of taxpayers will pay no more than 30 in the dollar. #BuildingOurEconomy
Australia faces serious challenges. The answer to these challenges is not higher taxes. The answer to these challenges is a stronger and more competitive economy, with lower taxes and more jobs. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Last year we passed into law a three step plan to deliver $144 billion in personal income tax cuts. Now, we will go even further. Two significant changes will deliver $158 billion of additional tax relief for hard-working Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
A strong economy needs ongoing investment in roads, rail, bridges, dams and ports. The Coalition Government is boosting our infrastructure spending to $100 billion over the decade. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Our Plan will provide tax relief to over 10 million low- and middle-income earners. #BuildingOurEconomy #auspol
Labor’s chief economic salesman, Chris Bowen, has been caught using inaccurate figures to promote their negative gearing policy.  Australia can’t afford Labor.
Labor's Housing Tax would reduce the value of your home, push up rents and harm the economy. Now, Chris Bowen has been caught out using inaccurate figures.
We are delivering $453 million to once again extend pre-school education, enabling 350000 children to receive 15 hours of quality early learning per week in the year before school. Lower taxes, more infrastructure, better skills and a quality education. #BuildingOurEconomy
The Government is investing into our defence capability to keep Australians safe and secure for future generations.  Read more about our Budget: #Budget2019
The Government is upgrading regional airports to keep Australia safe and secure.   Read more: #Budget2019
Labor's Housing Tax would reduce the value of your home, push up rents and harm the economy. Now, Chris Bowen has been caught out using inaccurate figures.
Bill Shorten's new Car Tax would increase the cost of Australia's most popular cars by up to $5000.  Sign the petition to stop Labor's Car Tax:
Our Government is committing $20 million for Ovarian Cancer research to help Australian women in their fight against this ovarian cancer.
Our Government is boosting funds to diagnose and treat women with Endometriosis.
Labor's Housing Tax would reduce the value of your home, push up rents and harm the economy. Now, Chris Bowen has been caught out using inaccurate figures.
Labor’s new Car Tax would increase car prices by up to $5000.  Learn more about Labor’s new Car Tax: #LaborsTaxBill
If elected, Labor would slug Australians with big new taxes totalling more than $200 billion over a decade.  Learn more about Labor’s list of taxes: #LaborsTaxBill
If elected, Labor would slug Australians with big new taxes totalling more than $200 billion over a decade.  Read more:
Labor’s reckless emissions targets would add nearly $5000 to the cost of a new car.  Learn more about Labor’s new Car Tax: #LaborsTaxBill
Australia faces serious challenges. The answer to these challenges is not higher taxes. The answer to these challenges is a stronger and more competitive economy, with lower taxes and more jobs. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We're committed to the fight against endometriosis and ovarian cancer. That's why we've launched a new National Women's Health Strategy geared towards prevention, early detection, treatments and cures.
Last year we passed into law a three step plan to deliver $144 billion in personal income tax cuts. Now, we will go even further. Two significant changes will deliver $158 billion of additional tax relief for hard-working Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We’re providing the Federal Police and ASIO with $570 million to keep Australians safe and allocating an additional $680 million to support our servicemen and women deployed abroad. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Under the Coalition, Medicare is guaranteed, bulk-billing is at a record high, and we are adding new services to the Medicare Benefits Schedule, including diagnostic imaging for breast cancer and heart health checks. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We’ll deliver long-term structural reform by lowering the 32.5 per cent tax rate to 30 per cent. This will cover all taxpayers earning between $45000 and $200000 and will mean that 94 per cent of taxpayers will pay no more than 30 in the dollar. #BuildingOurEconomy
We are providing additional cost of living relief for pensioners through a one-off Energy Assistance Payment of $75 for singles and $125 for couples. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We will establish a new $3.9 billion Emergency Response Fund that will ensure additional resourcing is available to support future natural disaster recovery efforts. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
The Government will invest $461 million in Australia’s most significant youth mental health and suicide prevention strategy. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We’re delivering $337 million in new funding for our comprehensive drug strategy to crack down on outlaw motorcycle gangs and their drug supply chains. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We are delivering $84 million to enable carers to leave a loved one in safe hands and get a much needed break. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We’re delivering 10000 new home care packages and additional financial support for residential care. We can achieve this without new taxes and without raiding retirees’ hard-earned savings. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
The Morrison Government is providing $6.3 billion in drought support and $3.3 billion for those affected by flood by expanding the National Water Infrastructure Development #BuildingOurEconomy
Central to our plan is a long-term fast-rail vision for Australia. To make this vision a reality, we are providing $2 billion in this Budget for fast-rail between Melbourne and Geelong, slashing travel times in half. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Bill Shorten's new Car Tax would increase the cost of Australia's most popular cars by up to $5000.  Sign the petition to stop Labor's Car Tax:
Great to be on the Central Coast this morning with @LucyWicksMP @SenatorCash &amp; our new Liberal candidate for Dobell
Taxpayers earning up to $126000 a year – including teachers, tradies and nurses – will receive a tax cut. For a single income family, this means up to $1080 in your pocket per year and for families on a dual income, up to $2160. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Why did @markdreyfusqcmp direct the public service to run government-funded ads during the 2013 caretaker period about their failed border protection policies? #auspol
Small businesses are the engine-room of our economy. They are integral to every local community. They start early and finish late. We want small businesses to prosper, and we are backing them to do so by cutting their taxes to 25 per cent. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We are providing additional cost of living relief for Australians in need through a one-off Energy Assistance Payment of $75 for singles and $125 for couples.  Learn more about our Budget: #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Australians deserve to age with dignity and have earned the right to expect the highest standards of aged care services. That is why we have established the Royal Commission into aged care. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
A strong economy needs ongoing investment in roads, rail, bridges, dams and ports. The Coalition Government is boosting our infrastructure spending to $100 billion over the decade. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We’re delivering the first Budget surplus in 12 years, and the first repayment made on Labor’s debt. We are delivering lower taxes, 80000 new apprenticeships and record spending on schools and hospitals. We’ve done this without increasing taxes. #BuildingOurEconomy
The Budget is back in the black and Australia is back on track. For the first time in 12 years, our nation is again paying its own way. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Bill Shorten's new Car Tax would increase the cost of Australia's most popular cars by up to $5000.  ➡️
“This Budget builds on our plan for a stronger economy. A stronger economy that benefits you — your family, your business, your community, your country.” @JoshFrydenberg #BuildingOurEconomy #auspol #qanda
As promised, over 1.2 million jobs have been created in the past 5 years. #BuildingOurEconomy #auspol #qanda
One of the few sensible things @SwannyQLD has said! #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #qanda
Labor's Housing Tax would reduce home values and push up rents. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #qanda
When @BowenChris was Immigration Minister, there were nearly 25000 arrivals on 398 illegal boats. #auspol #qanda
The last Labor surplus was in 1989. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #qanda
The 2019 Budget delivers additional funding for MRI scans, more cancer nurses and hospital services. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy #auspol #qanda
REMINDER: Bill Shorten doesn’t just lie about health and education. Check out his 2012 newsletter which said: “Back in surplus, on time, as promised” #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #qanda
By returning the Budget to surplus, we can start to repay Labor’s debt. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy #qanda #auspol
@Bowenchris @JoshFrydenberg Labor ran government-funded ads during the 2013 caretaker period about @BowenChris’s failed border protection policies. #qanda #auspol
Remember the last time Labor promised a surplus? Result: 6 record deficits totalling $240 billion #qanda #LaborsTaxBill #auspol
The 2019 Budget delivers the first surplus in over a decade. Get the facts at #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy #qanda
Unlike the Labor Party, we will not run Government-paid advertising during the caretaker period. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #qanda
Hard-working Australians, like teachers and nurses, would pay higher taxes under Labor. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol #qanda
“We want all Australians to earn more and to keep more of what they earn.” - @JoshFrydenberg #BuildingOurEconomy #auspol #qanda
Our Plan will provide tax relief to over 10 million low- and middle-income earners. #BuildingOurEconomy #auspol #QandA
Nice try @Bowenchris but to reflect Labor policies your “game” should include: ❌ Retiree Tax ❌ Housing Tax ❌ Investment Tax ❌
The Bill Shorten we know is the Bill Australia can't afford.
Australians deserve to age with dignity and have earned the right to expect the highest standards of aged care services. That is why we have established the Royal Commission into aged care. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We’re providing the Federal Police and ASIO with $570 million to keep Australians safe and allocating an additional $680 million to support our servicemen and women deployed abroad. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We are also investing $62 million to boost literacy, numeracy and digital skills. #BuildingOurEconomy
A strong economy needs ongoing investment in roads, rail, bridges, dams and ports. The Coalition Government is boosting our infrastructure spending to $100 billion over the decade. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We’re delivering the first Budget surplus in 12 years, and the first repayment made on Labor’s debt. We are delivering lower taxes, 80000 new apprenticeships and record spending on schools and hospitals. We’ve done this without increasing taxes. #BuildingOurEconomy
Labor can't manage money, which means they come after yours.  Read more about Labor's taxes:
The Morrison Government is providing $6.3 billion in drought support and $3.3 billion for those affected by flood by expanding the National Water Infrastructure Development #BuildingOurEconomy
We will provide further funding to increase participation for women and girls in STEM, complementing our Future Female Entrepreneurs Program, which is supporting 55000 young women. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Bill Shorten's new Car Tax would increase the cost of Australia's most popular cars by up to $5000.  Sign the petition to stop Labor's Car Tax:
We’re delivering 10000 new home care packages and additional financial support for residential care. We can achieve this without new taxes and without raiding retirees’ hard-earned savings. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We are establishing Australia’s first comprehensive children’s cancer centre in Sydney. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
With a strong economy, we can guarantee the essential services that Australians need and deserve. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We’re investing $9 billion this year in science, research and technology. We’ve established the $20 billion Medical Research Future Fund and there is also more than $400 million in this Budget for genomics research to unlock the secrets of our DNA. #BuildingOurEconomy
Under the Coalition, Medicare is guaranteed, bulk-billing is at a record high, and we are adding new services to the Medicare Benefits Schedule, including diagnostic imaging for breast cancer and heart health checks. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
A gift this morning from the team - replete with double shot. Ready with caffeine and mojo for another week of
We will provide tax relief to Australian taxpayers with immediate relief for low and middle-income earners. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
The Budget is back in the black and Australia is back on track. For the first time in 12 years, our nation is again paying its own way. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We are delivering $453 million to once again extend pre-school education, enabling 350000 children to receive 15 hours of quality early learning per week in the year before school. Lower taxes, more infrastructure, better skills and a quality education. #BuildingOurEconomy
We are helping to build a new Brain and Spinal Ward in South Australia. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Under the Morrison Government, tax as a share of the economy will not rise above the 23.9 per cent cap. We will put a speed limit on taxes, while our opponents will put a speed limit on the economy. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
More than 350000 businesses have taken up the instant asset write-off and now it will also be expanded to businesses with a turnover of up to $50 million. This will cover an additional 22000 businesses, employing 1.7 million Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We’re delivering $337 million in new funding for our comprehensive drug strategy to crack down on outlaw motorcycle gangs and their drug supply chains. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Our $200m investment in a 3rd crossing over the Hawkesbury River in NSW in #Budget2019 will get people home sooner &amp;
A strong economy needs ongoing investment in roads, rail, bridges, dams and ports. The Coalition Government is boosting our infrastructure spending to $100 billion over the decade. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We’re delivering 10000 new home care packages and additional financial support for residential care. We can achieve this without new taxes and without raiding retirees’ hard-earned savings. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
The Morrison Government is providing $6.3 billion in drought support and $3.3 billion for those affected by flood by expanding the National Water Infrastructure Development #BuildingOurEconomy
Central to our plan is a long-term fast-rail vision for Australia. To make this vision a reality, we are providing $2 billion in this Budget for fast-rail between Melbourne and Geelong, slashing travel times in half. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Australia faces serious challenges. The answer to these challenges is not higher taxes. The answer to these challenges is a stronger and more competitive economy, with lower taxes and more jobs. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Australians deserve to age with dignity and have earned the right to expect the highest standards of aged care services. That is why we have established the Royal Commission into aged care. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Small businesses are the engine-room of our economy. They are integral to every local community. They start early and finish late. We want small businesses to prosper, and we are backing them to do so by cutting their taxes to 25 per cent. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We are delivering $84 million to enable carers to leave a loved one in safe hands and get a much needed break. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We have to do more to keep our kids safe online and tackle cyber-bullying. We’re funding new practical training to give kids, parents and teachers the knowledge and skills necessary to keep our children safe online. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Taxpayers earning up to $126000 a year – including teachers, tradies and nurses – will receive a tax cut. For a single income family, this means up to $1080 in your pocket per year and for families on a dual income, up to $2160. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We are increasing the Urban Congestion Fund four-fold from $1 billion to $4 billion. This fund will focus on immediate, practical measures to cut travel times within our cities, removing bottlenecks and improving travel corridors. #BuildingOurEconomy
Under the Coalition, Medicare is guaranteed, bulk-billing is at a record high, and we are adding new services to the Medicare Benefits Schedule, including diagnostic imaging for breast cancer and heart health checks. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
@Bowenchris We won’t be lectured by Bill Shorten and Labor who ran government-funded advertising DURING the 2013 election
@Bowenchris We won’t be lectured by Bill Shorten and Labor who ran government-funded advertising DURING the 2013 election campaign about their failed border protection policies.
Labor can't manage money, which means they come after yours.   Bill Shorten's higher income taxes would punish workers and families trying to get ahead. Read more:
Bill Shorten's new Car Tax will increase the cost of Australia's most popular cars. Is your car on Bill's hit list?
We’ll deliver long-term structural reform by lowering the 32.5 per cent tax rate to 30 per cent. This will cover all taxpayers earning between $45000 and $200000 and will mean that 94 per cent of taxpayers will pay no more than 30 in the dollar. #BuildingOurEconomy
Australia faces serious challenges. The answer to these challenges is not higher taxes. The answer to these challenges is a stronger and more competitive economy, with lower taxes and more jobs. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
More than 350000 businesses have taken up the instant asset write-off and now it will also be expanded to businesses with a turnover of up to $50 million. This will cover an additional 22000 businesses, employing 1.7 million Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
The Budget provides for a new round of the Safer Communities Fund, assisting religious organisations, schools and other organisations to install fencing, lighting and security cameras. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
The Morrison Government is providing $6.3 billion in drought support and $3.3 billion for those affected by floods by expanding the National Water Infrastructure Development #BuildingOurEconomy
Central to our plan is a long-term fast-rail vision for Australia. To make this vision a reality, we are providing $2 billion in this Budget for fast-rail between Melbourne and Geelong, slashing travel times in half. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We're delivering $337 million in new funding for our comprehensive drug strategy to crack down on outlaw motorcycle gangs and their drug supply chains. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
#Budget2019 is the next stage of our Govt’s economic plan.  We are: ✔Delivering a surplus  ✔Creating more jobs
Read more at
For the record, Labor would:  1. Increase taxes on retirees.  2. Increase taxes on housing.  3. Increase taxes on incomes.  4. Increase taxes on investment.  5. Increase taxes on family businesses.  6. Increase taxes on electricity.  7. Put Australia's economy and future at risk.
We’re delivering the first Budget surplus in 12 years, and the first repayment made on Labor’s debt. We are delivering lower taxes, 80000 new apprenticeships and record spending on schools and hospitals. We’ve done this without increasing taxes. #BuildingOurEconomy
We have to do more to keep our kids safe online and tackle cyber-bullying. We’re funding new practical training to give kids, parents and teachers the knowledge and skills necessary to keep our children safe online. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Our tax plan rewards and encourages hard work. Labor's higher income taxes would punish workers and families trying to get ahead. #LaborsTaxBill
Bill Shorten can't accurately answer simple questions about his new electric car policy.  Yet he's pushing a plan that would drive up the cost of some cars by thousands of dollars.
We’re delivering 10000 new home care packages and additional financial support for residential care. We can achieve this without new taxes and without raiding retirees’ hard-earned savings. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We are delivering $84 million to enable carers to leave a loved one in safe hands and get a much needed break. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We are delivering $453 million to once again extend pre-school education, enabling 350000 children to receive 15 hours of quality early learning per week in the year before school. Lower taxes, more infrastructure, better skills and a quality education. #BuildingOurEconomy
We are also investing $62 million to boost literacy, numeracy and digital skills. #BuildingOurEconomy
We will provide further funding to increase participation for women and girls in STEM, complementing our Future Female Entrepreneurs Program, which is supporting 55000 young women. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We are helping to build a new Brain and Spinal Ward in South Australia. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We will list more medicines on the PBS to treat kidney, bladder, liver and skin cancer and will deliver the listing Besponsa, a medicine for people with acute Leukaemia. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Last year we passed into law a three step plan to deliver $144 billion in personal income tax cuts. Tonight, we will go even further. Two significant changes will deliver $158 billion of additional tax relief for hard-working Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We are increasing the Urban Congestion Fund four-fold from $1 billion to $4 billion. This fund will focus on immediate, practical measures to cut travel times within our cities, removing bottlenecks and improving travel corridors. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
#BREAKING: Australia's AAA credit rating has been reaffirmed by S&amp;P's in a strong expression of confidence in the 2019-20 Budget and our careful economic management.
Taxpayers earning up to $126000 a year – including teachers, tradies and nurses – will receive a tax cut. For a single income family, this means up to $1080 in your pocket per year and for families on a dual income, up to $2160. #BuildingOurEconomy
Violence, abuse, neglect and exploitation of people living with a disability is unacceptable and cannot be
Small businesses are the engine-room of our economy. They are integral to every local community. They start early and finish late. We want small businesses to prosper, and we are backing them to do so by cutting their taxes to 25 per cent. #BuildingOurEconomy
A strong economy needs ongoing investment in roads, rail, bridges, dams and ports. The Coalition Government is boosting our infrastructure spending to $100 billion over the decade. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Australians deserve to age with dignity and have earned the right to expect the highest standards of aged care services. That is why we have established the Royal Commission into aged care. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Under the Coalition, Medicare is guaranteed, bulk-billing is at a record high, and we are adding new services to the Medicare Benefits Schedule, including diagnostic imaging for breast cancer and heart health checks. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We’re providing the Federal Police and ASIO with $570 million to keep Australians safe and allocating an additional $680 million to support our servicemen and women deployed abroad. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
FACT: Schools’ funding is growing and continues to grow every year. Don’t believe Labor’s lies. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Bill’s Lying. Again. 🤥 #LaborsTaxBill #Budget2019 #auspol
Last time in Government, Labor delayed the listing of important new medicines on the PBS because they ran out of
When @billshortenmp ran the AWU he made deals to cut penalty rates. #LaborsTaxBill #Budget2019 #auspol
The Coalition Government is funding hundreds of thousands of apprentices and trainees through the Skilling
Our record $100 billion infrastructure investment will bust congestion and unlock the potential of our regions,
Labor's pink batts fiasco, cost Australia $2.5 billion, which caused 220 fires and required 70000 repairs.
Fact: In 2018, over 110000 first home buyers got a loan.  This is the strongest result in 9 years. #Budget2019
Remember this? Labor can’t manage money. #LaborsTaxBill #Budget2019 #auspol
Labor’s Retiree Tax would hit over 1 million Australians who have worked hard and saved for their retirement,
Labor’s housing tax would reduce home values, increase rents and harm our economy. #LaborsTaxBill #Budget2019 #auspol
Surpluses can only be built by Liberal and National Governments. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy #auspol
If elected, Labor would slug Australians with big new taxes totalling more than $200 billion. With higher taxes on
FACT: Schools’ funding is growing and continues to grow every year. Don’t believe Labor’s lies. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
The last Labor surplus was in 1989. Labor can’t manage money. #LaborsTaxBill
When Labor last delivered a surplus, our Treasurer rocked a mullet. Labor can't manage money. Now is not the time to risk our economy. #auspol
Labor has promised and failed to deliver a surplus before.  We're fixing Labor's mess. Australia can't afford to turn back now. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol
If elected, Labor would slug Australians with big new taxes totalling more than $200 billion over a decade. These include taxes on retirees, housing, incomes, investments, family businesses, electricity and more. We need to stop them. #LaborsTaxBill
Australians have earned the right to expect the highest standards of aged care services. We’re delivering 10000 new home care packages and additional financial support for residential care. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Our plan guarantees essential services like hospitals, schools and aged care, while tackling the cost of living. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Affordable housing is a priority for this Government. We have successfully issued the largest social bond in Australia’s history. Over $300 million was raised, providing a significant injection into the community housing sector. #BuildingOurEconomy
Small businesses are the engine room of the Australian economy. Fast-tracking these tax cuts will benefit around
We’ll deliver long-term structural reform by lowering the 32.5 per cent tax rate to 30 per cent. This will cover all taxpayers earning between $45000 and $200000 and will mean that 94 per cent of taxpayers will pay no more than 30 cents in the dollar. #BuildingOurEconomy
We've established the $20 billion Medical Research Future Fund and there is also more than $400 million in this Budget for genomics research to unlock the secrets of our DNA. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
A strong economy needs ongoing investment in roads, rail, bridges, dams and ports. We will deliver new infrastructure projects.  #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
More than 350000 businesses have taken up the instant asset write-off and now it will also be expanded to businesses with a turnover of up to $50 million. This will cover an additional 22000 businesses, employing 1.7 million Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Australia faces serious challenges. The answer to these challenges is not higher taxes. The answer to these challenges is a stronger and more competitive economy, with lower taxes and more jobs. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
With a strong economy, we can guarantee the essential services that Australians need and deserve. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We have to do more to keep our kids safe online and tackle cyber-bullying. We’re funding new practical training to give kids, parents and teachers the knowledge and skills necessary to keep our children safe online. #BuildingOurEconomy
Taxpayers earning up to $126000 a year – including teachers, tradies and nurses – will receive a tax cut. For a single income family, this means up to $1080 in your pocket per year and for families on a dual income, up to $2160. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Central to our plan is a long-term fast-rail vision for Australia. To make this vision a reality, we are providing $2 billion in this Budget for fast-rail between Melbourne and Geelong, slashing travel times in half. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Australians deserve to age with dignity and have earned the right to expect the highest standards of aged care services. That is why we have established the Royal Commission into aged care. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We’ll be building more infrastructure to relieve congestion in our cities, equipping more workers with better skills to meet future needs, and lowering taxes because we want Australians to earn more and to keep more of what they earn. #BuildingOurEconomy
Supporting people with a disability is a moral imperative. We have set aside half a billion dollars for a Royal Commission into the mistreatment of people with a disability. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
The Government will invest $461 million in Australia’s most significant youth mental health and suicide prevention strategy. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Under the Coalition, the economy will always be stronger, allowing you and your family to get ahead, our borders will always be more secure, there will always be more jobs &amp; lower taxes &amp; essential services will always be guaranteed. #BuildingOurEconomy
Bill Shorten poses the greatest risk to Australia's economy in a generation. If elected, Labor would slug Australians with big new taxes totalling more than $200 billion. #LaborsTaxBill #auspol
The last Labor surplus was in 1989!  The Morrison Government is delivering the first Budget surplus in more than a decade.  #Budget2019
As part of our plan for a stronger economy, we will provide tax relief to Australian taxpayers with immediate relief for low- and middle-income earners. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
All you need to know about #Budget2019 in just over 60 seconds #BuildingOurEconomy
We will create 80000 new apprenticeships in industries with skill shortages. These new apprentices – including bakers, bricklayers, carpenters and plumbers – will also receive a $2000 incentive payment. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Central to our plan is a long-term fast-rail vision for Australia. To make this vision a reality, we are providing $2 billion in this Budget for fast-rail between Melbourne and Geelong, slashing travel times in half. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
In this Budget, there is an additional $2.2 billion for safer roads, $1 billion to improve freight routes and access to ports and $100 million for regional airports. These investments make our regions stronger and our country stronger. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
I’ve just joined @Snapchat! Follow me for updates at:
We’re delivering 10000 new home care packages and additional financial support for residential care. We can achieve this without new taxes and without raiding retirees’ hard-earned savings. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We are increasing the Urban Congestion Fund four-fold from $1 billion to $4 billion. This fund will focus on immediate, practical measures to cut travel times within our cities, removing bottlenecks and improving travel corridors. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
The Budget is back in the black and Australia is back on track.  Read more ➡️  #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Small businesses are the engine-room of our economy. They are integral to every local community. They start early and finish late. We want small businesses to prosper, and we are backing them to do so by cutting their taxes to 25 per cent. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Last year we passed into law a three step plan to deliver $144 billion in personal income tax cuts. Tonight, we'll go even further. Two significant changes will deliver $158 billion of additional tax relief for hard-working Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Education is the first defence of the nation and while money is important, so too is the quality of education afforded to all Australians. We're committing around $300 billion to all schools, a total increase of 63 per cent. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We will deliver new infrastructure projects to ease congestion in our cities, unlock the potential of our regions, better manage population growth and improve safety on our roads. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We'll establish a new $3.9 billion Emergency Response Fund that will ensure additional resourcing is available to support future natural disaster recovery efforts. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
A strong economy needs ongoing investment in roads, rail, bridges, dams and ports. The Coalition Government is boosting our infrastructure spending to $100 billion over the decade. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
In this Budget we are funding upgrades to regional hospitals, the first being in Townsville. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
In the largest Commonwealth investment in women’s safety, we will deliver $328 million to fund prevention, response and recovery initiatives. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We’re delivering $337 million in new funding for our comprehensive drug strategy to crack down on outlaw motorcycle gangs and their drug supply chains. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We are delivering $453 million to once again extend pre-school education, enabling 350000 children to receive 15 hours of quality early learning per week in the year before school. Lower taxes, more infrastructure, better skills and a quality education. #BuildingOurEconomy
The Government will invest $461 million in Australia’s most significant youth mental health and suicide prevention strategy. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
The total number of new PBS listings will be more than 2000 since we came to government, costing more than $10 billion. This is a real and profound dividend from a strong economy and done without increasing taxes. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Busting congestion remains a top priority for our Government. #Budget2019 increases infrastructure investment to a
Under the Coalition, Medicare is guaranteed, bulk-billing is at a record high, and we are adding new services to the Medicare Benefits Schedule, including diagnostic imaging for breast cancer and heart health checks. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We will provide further funding to increase participation for women and girls in STEM, complementing our Future Female Entrepreneurs Program, which is supporting 55000 young women. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We will work closely with industry to train Australians in areas of future high demand, including communications technology, advanced manufacturing and health services. We are also investing $62 million to boost literacy, numeracy and digital skills. #BuildingOurEconomy
We're establishing Australia’s first comprehensive children’s cancer centre in Sydney. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We will list more medicines on the PBS to treat kidney, bladder, liver and skin cancer and will deliver the listing Besponsa, a medicine for people with acute Leukaemia. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We are helping to build a new Brain and Spinal Ward in South Australia. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
The last Labor surplus was in 1989!  Today the Morrison Government is delivering the first Budget surplus in more than a decade.
We are providing additional cost of living relief for pensioners through a one-off Energy Assistance Payment of $75 for singles and $125 for couples. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
We’re also providing more support to older Australians in #Budget2019 with: ✔️10000 more home care packages
In this Budget we are funding upgrades to regional hospitals, the first being in Townsville. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
The Government will spend more than $80 billion on healthcare. More MRI machines, more life-changing medicines on the PBS, more funding for mental health, better access to dental services, better access to hospitals, and better access to regional GP’s. #BuildingOurEconomy
With a strong economy, we can guarantee the essential services that Australians need and deserve. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
The Morrison Government is delivering tax relief to encourage and reward hard work and help with cost of living pressures. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We’re delivering the first Budget surplus in 12 years, and the first repayment made on Labor’s debt.  We are delivering lower taxes, 80000 new apprenticeships and record spending on schools and hospitals. We’ve done this without increasing taxes. #BuildingOurEconomy
#Budget2019 delivers: ✅$7.1b surplus &amp; on track to eliminate net debt by 2029-30 ✅Tax relief for 4.5m low &amp; middle
We will create 80000 new apprenticeships in industries with skill shortages. These new apprentices – including bakers, bricklayers, carpenters and plumbers – will also receive a $2000 incentive payment. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Central to our plan is a long-term fast-rail vision for Australia. To make this vision a reality, we are providing $2 billion in this Budget for fast-rail between Melbourne and Geelong, slashing travel times in half. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
We are increasing the Urban Congestion Fund four-fold from $1 billion to $4 billion. This fund will focus on immediate, practical measures to cut travel times within our cities, removing bottlenecks and improving travel corridors. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
#Budget2019 delivers a $7.1 billion surplus, with $45 billion of surpluses over the next 4 years. This is a result
A strong economy needs ongoing investment in roads, rail bridges, dams and ports. The Coalition Government is boosting our infrastructure spending to $100 billion over the decade. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Australia is back in the black and back on track.   #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Tonight, I announce $453 million to extend pre-school education, enabling 350000 children to receive 15 hours of
We believe in lower taxes but we also believe everyone should pay their fair share. We have been at the forefront of global efforts to crack down on multinational tax avoidance and have implemented tough new laws, which helped raise more than $12 billion. #BuildingOurEconomy
#BREAKING: This year, for the first time in over a decade, the Government will deliver a Budget surplus. Australia is back in the black and back on track.
More than 350000 businesses have taken up the instant asset write-off and now it will also be expanded to businesses with a turnover of up to $50 million. This will cover an additional 22000 businesses, employing 1.7 million Australians. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Small businesses are the engine-room of our economy. They are integral to every local community. They start early and finish late. We want small businesses to prosper, and we are backing them to do so by cutting their taxes to 25 per cent. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Our plan guarantees essential services like hospitals, schools and aged care, while tackling the cost of living. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Australia faces some serious challenges. The answer to these challenges is not higher taxes. The answer to these challenges is a stronger economy, with lower taxes and more jobs. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
The Budget is back in the black and Australia is back on track. For the first time in 12 years, our nation is again paying its own way. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Today we also welcomed Senator Wendy Askew to Canberra. Senator Askew will be a strong advocate for Tasmania and a great member of the team.
Back in the black - tonight the Morrison Government is delivering the first Budget surplus in more than a decade.  Sign up for more information:
The Govt is improving the lives of patients with breast cancer and a rare skin cancer by subsidising innovative medicines
Be the first to get the latest news on tonight's Budget. Sign up now ➡️ 📝  #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
PM @ScottMorrisonMP and Treasurer @JoshFrydenberg were having a meeting this morning ahead of the Budget, when Josh's Dad called in to wish them both well. #Budget2019 #BuildingOurEconomy
Tune in for the Budget at 7:30pm AEDT tonight. #BuildingOurEconomy #Budget2019
Tonight I will deliver #Budget2019.  The Coalition Government will continue to build a stronger economy &amp; secure a
Labor's reckless targets would make Australians worse off and put jobs at risk. (via @10NewsFirst)
The Coalition Govt is saving patients with breast cancer &amp; rare skin cancer up to $150k a year by subsidising
In partnership with the Marshall Liberal Government we're delivering a North South Corridor for the people of Adelaide that
Two more life-saving medicines will be added to the PBS for skin &amp; breast cancer. It takes the cost from up to $150k
Labor's reckless energy plan would make Australians worse off and put jobs at risk.
@billshortenmp The Bill Shorten we know...
Breaking: Bill Shorten severs ties with the CFMMEU.
Because of our responsible budget management, nearly 4 million Australians, including pensioners, will receive help with their next energy bill and cost of living expenses. #Budget2019
Responsible budget management allows us to guarantee the essential services Australians rely on. ​More than 3.9 million Australians will receive a one-off Energy Assistance Payment to help with their next energy bill and cost of living expenses. #auspol
Labor's last budget surplus was 30 years ago.  Next week, the Morrison Government will deliver the first Budget surplus since 2008. This means we can start repaying Labor's debt and guarantee more funding for services.
As Treasurer, Labor's Wayne Swan @SwannyQLD said changing negative gearing would be “economically disastrous”.  Bill Shorten’s Housing Tax would reduce home values, increase rents and hurt Australia’s economy.   Sign the petition to stop the Housing Tax:
Labor's Housing Tax would reduce home values and push up rents. Help us stop it at  Australia can't afford Labor. #auspol
Under our plan, over 1.2 million jobs have been created in five years. That’s about 4600 jobs each week.   We need to keep building a stronger economy that creates even more jobs for Australians.
We’re investing $75 billion into road and rail that will reduce congestion and better connect our cities.  Read more:
.@BillShortenMP backed a man who said Asians “are moving in and taking … jobs”
Met 13-year-old Scott today. He’s raised an impressive $155000 for WA’s @Telethon7 since 2010 by walking 571km. So
If Labor has its way, homeowners and renters would be worse off. Now is not the time for new housing taxes.  Stop Labor’s Housing Tax:
Motorists across Sydney &amp; the Central Coast will be spending less time in traffic &amp; more time doing what’s important
Labor's Retiree Tax will hurt retirees and some pensioners by abolishing tax refunds for share dividends.  Sign the petition to stop them. ⬇️
Labor's Retiree Tax is a hit on those who have done the right thing and saved for retirement. If Labor gets its way, over a million Australians would be worse off.
Last week Bill Shorten didn't seem bothered that Michael Daley said Asian people were taking jobs. This week, he thinks it was wrong. Did something happen over the weekend?
Shorten's Daley flip-flop:
Our Government is investing $496 million to deliver world-leading cancer treatment for Australian patients, extra hospital infrastructure, more mental health services and new medical research projects.
This is Finnian &amp; Lauren. They’ve been battling blood cancer, Lauren since she was just 7 years old. Thanks to a
Melbourne is the centre of excellence when it comes to cancer treatment and medical research. We’re backing that in
More lies today from @billshortenmp   Medicare funding is up from $19 billion per year under Labor to $25 billion in
Federal budget cash to put Melbourne at medicine's cutting edge - delighted to be able to support the Aikenhead Centre at
Bill Shorten &amp; Labor caught lying again. This time about Australia’s health system.  The truth: More Australians are now seeing a doctor without having to pay. Last year 86% of GP visits were bulk billed – up from 82% in Labor’s last year.   Learn more ➡
Our Govt is investing almost half a billion dollars to deliver world-leading cancer treatment for Australian patients,
Kia kaha, Christchurch - our love and prayers are with you.
Unemployment is at its lowest level since 2011. This year, the Budget will return to surplus.  We’re building a stronger economy. Now is not the time to turn back.
Go Gladys! #LetsGetItDoneNSW  For more information about where to vote in NSW, visit:
The unemployment rate has fallen below 5% for the first time since 2011.   Our economy is facing global headwinds. That's why we need to stick to our plan, which is helping to build a stronger economy. Read more:
It’s very clear that Michael Daley and Labor, have done a preference deal with Robert Borsak’s Shooter’s Party.  The
Out of respect and in condolence for all those killed in the terrorist attack in New Zealand, I have asked for flags
Australians stand with all New Zealanders today during this dark time where hate and violence has stolen their peace
I condemn the violent, extremist, right-wing terrorist attack that has stolen the lives of so many innocent New
I'm horrified by the reports I’m following of the serious shooting in Christchurch, New Zealand. The situation is
Bill Shorten won’t give you a straight answer, but here are the facts on Labor’s emission targets:  ❌ It could increase wholesale power prices by 58%  ❌ It could cost 336000 jobs over ten years  #auspol
Bill would rather you talk to the hand when asked about Labor's higher taxes #auspol
While Bill Shorten and Labor voted to weaken our borders, our Government is committed to keeping Australia safe and our border secure. #auspol
Labor’s plan to bring 20000 more refugees to Australia each year would cost the Budget $6.2 billion.  Bill Shorten would tax retirees to pay for it.  Australia can’t afford Labor. Read more:  #auspol
Australia can't afford Labor. #auspol
Labor would spend $6 billion more on our already generous refugee program. Yet Labor opposes our drought fund for farmers.  Bill Shorten was his priorities wrong. #auspol
As Treasurer, Labor's Wayne Swan said changing negative gearing would be “economically disastrous”.  With a softening housing market, now is the worst time for Bill Shorten’s Housing Tax, which would reduce home values, increase rents and hurt Australia’s economy. #auspol
Australia’s Budget is returning to surplus. Welfare dependency is at a 30 year low.  Only the Morrison Government has a plan to keep our economy strong.   #StrongerAus #auspol
Under Labor, there were 8000 children in detention.   We’ve fixed Labor’s failure and the last four children have now left Nauru. #auspol
In Government, successive Labor Ministers failed to stop the boats.  Labor's border security failure cost Australia $16 billion.  If you support strong borders, sign up here:
We've approved Snowy 2.0 as part of our plan to support new renewable energy and deliver affordable, reliable power.   Snowy 2.0 will provide 175 hours of storage – enough to power 500000 homes. Read more:
“...what is the point of working any harder to prepare for a better future when governments will merely find ways to take it off you at the end.” Australia can’t afford Labor.
Today I announced our Government’s climate solutions package. It’s a comprehensive, fully costed $3.5b plan to
Labor used to think changing negative gearing would be “disastrous”.  Australia can’t afford Bill Shorten’s Housing Tax, which would reduce home values, increase rents and hurt Australia’s economy. #auspol
Labor’s Retiree Tax would punish Australians who work hard and save for retirement. #auspol
G’day/Kia ora New Zealand! @jacindaardern
“The findings of the ongoing independent study, conducted through modelling firm BAEconomics show that Labor’s plans would result in cumulative economic losses of $472bn over the decade, with GDP $144bn a year lower by 2030.”  Australia can’t afford Labor.  #CantAffordLabor
.@JulieBishopMP has announced she will not recontest the seat of Curtin. Julie was an outstanding Deputy Leader of our Party and Foreign Minister of our country. She worked to strengthen our voice on the world stage and advance the cause of our Party here at home.
A stronger economy means more jobs.  That's why we're fixing the Budget, backing small businesses, lowering taxes, investing in infrastructure, boosting exports and making energy more affordable - so more Australians can find jobs. #StrongerAus #auspol
Just days after voting to weaken border security, Labor’s leader and deputy are at odds with each other.   Labor can’t be trusted on border security. #auspol
“...the two rules of fiscal and political certainty under a Labor government: they blow the budget — the last budget surplus under Labor was in 1989; and they change their mind about who and what to tax next.”  Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol
It’s part of our plan to keep Australia strong. We’ll do everything we can to help them rebuild &amp; regroup. One of
It supports flood-affected families in NW Qld. So our @LiberalAus @The_Nationals team of MPs decided to chip in &amp;
Further to my post last weekend on the Pratt Cattle Transport cap, &amp; the sledging from some journalists for wearing
So thank you, Tim, for giving me the cap, I was proud to wear it last week and we’re just as proud to wear it today.
Labor can’t be trusted with border security. #auspol
She could be described as our accidental ‘First Lady’ - Jenny Morrison revealing she was as shocked as anyone at her
“The bosses, he says, have grown wealthy sending refugees to Europe, and are hoping to send a surge of boats to Aust. to test Labor's resolve..[A change of government] is the main reason they think the way will open again.” Aust. can’t afford Labor #auspol
“For older female retirees with little or no superannuation, no age pension and retirement income derived from Australian shares, income could drop by as much as 30 per cent.” Retirees can’t afford Labor. #auspol
Many families have lost nearly everything up there, their property, animals, &amp; seen huge damage to their land yet
A local small business owner who runs a trucking company and stands to lose everything gave me his hat. It’s the
A few people &amp; some journalists have sledged me about the hat I wore yesterday. When I visited &amp; saw some of the
Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol
Last time under Labor, there were 50000 arrivals on 800 illegal boats. Labor simply hasn’t learned. #CantAffordLabor #auspol  To support strong borders, sign up here:
#WATCH: Labor hasn't learned and can’t be trusted with border security. #CantAffordLabor #auspol  If you support strong borders, add your name here:
Under Labor, there were 50000 arrivals on 800 illegal boats. Now Labor has voted to weaken Australia's border security. #CantAffordLabor  To support strong borders, add your name here:
We have fixed Labor’s failure – stopping the boats, closing 19 detention centres and removing all children from detention. #CantAffordLabor
Yesterday Bill Shorten - and every one of his Labor MPs - voted to weaken Australia’s border protection. They can’t be trusted. #CantAffordLabor   Sign the petition to back strong border security for Australia.
It’s my job now to ensure the boats don't come back. I will to do everything within the Government’s power to ensure
Today I convened a meeting of the National Security Committee. I have adopted the advice of our security and border
We've stopped the deaths at sea, closed 19 detention centres and removed all children from detention.   Sign up to support strong border protection policies that work:
Under Labor, 8000 children were held in detention. There were 1200 deaths at sea. #CantAffordLabor
Under Labor, there were over 50000 arrivals on over 800 illegal boats. Labor’s border security weakness caused a budget blowout of $16 billion. #CantAffordLabor
Bill Shorten and the Labor Party have demonstrated tonight they do not have the mettle to protect our borders. They
🚨 Labor has just voted to weaken border protection. 🚨 If you support strong borders, add your name here: #auspol
Only a re-elected Liberal-National Government will continue to keep Australians safe and secure #StrongerAus
National security is all about making the right decisions.  We have the mettle to make the right calls on our
"Once again we have seen the best of Australians in response to the recent fires and floods. I want to thank all of the volunteers, emergency services personnel, state and territory governments, as well as to the ADF, for all they have done." @ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
"We have cancelled the visas of 4150 dangerous criminals. Labor cancelled just 643. Labor were soft. Last year alone, 800 criminals had their visas cancelled. This included 13 murderers, 34 rapists &amp; sex offenders, and 100 child sex offenders." -- @ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
“Our Government has been at the forefront of efforts to keep children safe online with over $100m invested so far, including the world’s first eSafety Commissioner with tough powers to take down cyberbullying content.” -- @ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
It builds on the more than $350m our Government has invested since 2015. Violence against women must stop #StrongerAus
Today we’ve announced $78m to help hundreds of women &amp; children escaping from domestic and family violence by giving
The achievement we can all take most comfort from is that since 2014, our security agencies have disrupted 14 major
“Our border protection system works. We’ve stopped the deaths at sea, closed 19 detention centres, as well as removed all children from detention &amp; from Nauru. Our plan is simple. We won’t change it. Labor will.” -- @ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
“A fortnight ago I released our plan for a stronger economy. A plan that’s already created over 1m jobs. A plan that will create even more jobs &amp; guarantee the essential services that Australians rely on.” @ScottMorrisonMP. Read our plan at: #StrongerAus
@ScottMorrisonMP “It also includes combating violence against women, protecting our children, securing our region, fighting organised crime &amp; the menace of drugs and protecting our communities in times of natural disaster.” -- @ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
“Our plan includes defending Australia with a record investment of $200b+ in our defence capability, continuing to protect our borders with proven policies that work, &amp; keeping Australians safe from terrorism.” -- @ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
Today I am releasing our plan to keep Australians safe and secure. It builds on our achievements &amp; addresses the new
Every day we have been taking action to build a stronger and even more resilient Australia to deal with whatever
For the past five and a half years, our Government has taken our national security &amp; safety responsibilities
We’ll be live tweeting Prime Minister @ScottMorrisonMP’s speech today on keeping Australia safe, starting in about 15 mins. Stay tuned for more #StrongerAus
Labor's Housing Tax would reduce home values and push up rents. Help us stop it at  Australia can't afford Labor. #auspol
“Either Shorten doesn't understand how franking credits work, or he is having a lend of the Australian electorate. Either way, his inequitable policy needs to be called out.” Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol
Shorten, Bowen and other members of big (union aligned) industry super funds won’t be affected by Labor’s Retiree Tax. But 900000 individuals and 200000 self managed super funds will be hit. That’s not fair! #auspol
Labor’s Retiree Tax would punish Australians who work hard and save for retirement. It would hit 900000 individuals, 200000 self managed super funds and 2000 super funds. Help us stop stop it: #auspol
Labor's Retiree Tax will hit 900000+ retirees and thousands of super funds.  Yet Shorten dismisses the concerns of people who work hard to save for retirement.  Australia can't afford Labor. #auspol
Under Labor, there were 50000 illegal arrivals on 800 illegal boats and 8000 children in detention. We've fixed Labor's failure. Read more: #auspol
Labor's Retiree Tax would punish over 900000 Australians who have worked hard to save for their retirement.  Help us stop it at:
From today, we’re increasing the instant asset write-off threshold to $25000, and extending it until 30 June 2020. This
.@Bowenchris finally making some sense.
@ScottMorrisonMP “So, there is a clear choice before Australians about the economy you will choose to live in at the election in May this year. Only our Government has the plan that will keep our economy strong and secure our nation’s future.” -- @ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
@ScottMorrisonMP “By focusing on delivering a strong economy we create the right environment for wages growth, which we are now beginning to see, and more will follow. That’s the stronger economy we are offering you and your family.” -- @ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
@ScottMorrisonMP “A strong economy is the means by which we deliver the services and infrastructure that Australians rely on. It’s a means, not an end. It’s about the real benefits that it can bring to the people who live in it.” -- @ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
@ScottMorrisonMP "From today small businesses can instantly deduct each and every asset under $25000." -- @ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
@ScottMorrisonMP “Under our plan we’re cutting taxes. In my last Budget - 10 million Australians got a tax cut.” @ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
@ScottMorrisonMP “Our Budget in April will be the first surplus Budget delivered since the Howard Government. And we have done this by getting spending under control, not by raising taxes.” --@ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
Today I’m making a new pledge for our Government, to see 1.25 million jobs created over the next 5 years #StrongerAus
When we were first elected to government we said we’d create 1 million jobs in 5 years. And we did exactly that.
“Only a stronger economy can deliver a stronger Medicare. Affordable medicines. The age pension. Disability support. Aged care. Child care. Support for drought affected farmers. For veterans. Practical conservation of our environment.” @ScottMorrisonMP #StrongerAus
These treatments help everyone – from those dealing with diabetes, to Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis,
This is what a stronger economy does. It pays for the essential services that Australians rely on #StrongerAus
We’ll be live tweeting Prime Minister @ScottMorrisonMP's first economic speech of the year, starting in about 15 mins. Stay tuned for more #StrongerAus
The number of young people in jobs is also at its best level, ever. And we now have the lowest level of working-age
Our government is already delivering the same high employment economy the Howard Government delivered - 1.2m more
Today I’ve made a new jobs pledge under our Government. We’re for jobs. They’re proof of our ability to manage and
“Raising taxes, thinking the economy might be heading into a slump, would almost certainly guarantee that it did.”  Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol
Australia’s top business leaders have privately warned Treasury that investors are retreating due to “uncertainty” about Labor’s future negative gearing and capital gains tax policy.  Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol
Happy Australia Day! Today is the day we come together to celebrate our great nation. We are stronger and better
Congrats to Dr Richard Harris and Dr Craig Challen on being jointly awarded Australian of the Year. Humble heroes
Unemployment is at its lowest level in 7 years.   There's more to do but plan for a stronger economy is working. #auspol
Unemployment in Australia is now at its lowest rate in over 7 years. More than 730 jobs were created every day last
More than a quarter of a million Australians got a job in 2018, which shows our plan to deliver a stronger economy
A stronger economy means more jobs.  That's why we're fixing the Budget, backing small businesses, lowering taxes, investing in infrastructure, boosting exports and making energy more affordable - so more Australians can find jobs. #auspol
Some of Australia’s poorest households would face rent hikes under Bill Shorten’s plan to end negative gearing: #auspol
“He told The Australian that the feedback from his 130000 shareholders, who were mostly elderly retirees, that the ALP proposed changes to franking credits would hurt them financially.”   Australia can’t afford Labor #auspol
Chris Bowen's scrap book of higher taxes? Under Labor, our economy will get whacked and you'll pay more. #auspol
Labor can't manage money. That's why they want $200 billion of higher taxes - on retirees, housing, incomes, family businesses, investments and electricity. Australia can't afford Labor. #auspol
A stronger economy guarantees the essential services that you and your family rely on. Higher taxes will slow you
Disappointingly @BillShortenMP is wrong on Cairns Hospital funding.   Commonwealth funding is up by $39m last year, its
When will @BillShortenMP  explain why it’s ok that the Australian Government has increased hospital funding to Queensland
In the last year alone our hospital funding for the Central QLD region including Gladstone has increased by $23m – QLD
Labor's Housing Tax would reduce home values, push up rents and hurt our economy. Help us stop it: #auspol
When @BillShortenMP arrives in Gladstone today I expect he will finally address @AnnastaciaMP cuts to regional hospital’s
Labor's plan to scrap refunds for franking credits to low-taxed investors is a "horrible" complication of the tax system that will unfairly penalise self-managed super funds, says economist who led the Keating govt’s review of national savings. #auspol
The Government is taking action to protect Australia Day from activists.  Click here to show your support for our national day:
In addition to our record hospital funding, the GP bulk billing rate for Hinkler has increased by 3.7% under the
Mr Shorten should explain why he thinks it’s acceptable that while the Australian Government has increased hospital
Bundaberg residents and those across Hinkler are also benefitting from a record investment in Medicare – with local
If you are to look back to when federal Labor left office, funding for the Wide Bay region was $99m, fast forward to 2018
We’re backing young tennis stars of the future. After witnessing a fantastic win for Ash Barty yesterday, I’m proud
The Federal Government has listed a new drug on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme that targets a gene known to cause
.@ScottMorrisonMP: The reason I am so passionate about making sure our economy is strong is because it means we can
A former OECD Director on Labor’s Retiree Tax: “It punishes those who looked after themselves for retirement. It will be imposed retrospectively...”   Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol
Was pleased to be standing by my friend and colleague @KellyODwyer today as she announced her choice for her future
By delivering on our plan for a stronger economy we can make investments in projects like today’s announcement of
“Indonesian fishermen who have previously smuggled asylum-seekers to Australia are closely monitoring federal election campaigning and say they are ready to restart their trade if Bill Shorten...” Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol
Labor's Housing Tax policy is becoming a bigger mess by the day.   Australia can't afford Labor. #auspol
#10YearChallenge #auspol
Labor wants $200 billion of higher taxes - on retirees, housing, family businesses, electricity, incomes and investments.  Click to read The Australian’s editorial explaining how Labor’s economic policies would kill aspiration. #auspol
Labor's 50% Capital Gains Tax increase would give Australia one of the highest rates in the world, hurting around 900000 everyday Australian investors and our economy.   Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol
“Some of the most disturbing evidence...has come from financial advisers admitting they can help their clients around Shorten’s retirement tax, but those without financial advice or literacy won’t know they’re being slugged till it is too late.” #auspol
The Morrison Government is committed to keeping all Australian children safe and is taking steps to establish a National Public Register of Child Sex Offenders. Read more: #auspol
Over the past five years, our Government has been cleaning up the mess left behind by Labor - most significantly on
“When we get the time to sit back and think about it, we are thankful that whatever we are facing, we are dealing with it in Australia as Australians.”  Read @ScottMorrisonMP’s opinion piece here: #auspol
By ensuring councils hold citizenship ceremonies on Australia Day, we’re protecting our national day from people
How good is John Howard! Thanks and well done. An example to all.
To protect children we have cancelled visas of more than 300 child sex offenders and stopped hundreds more at the border.   We’ve introduced tough new laws and are taking steps to establish a National Public Register of Child Sex Offenders. #auspol
Welfare dependency is at its lowest level in 30 years.    Labor’s plan means welfare payments would balloon again, paid for by higher taxes on those working. Read more: #auspol
Labor's 50% Capital Gains Tax would give Australia one of the highest rates in the world. This would hurt nearly 1 million everyday Australian investors and our economy.   Read the Treasurer's opinion piece:
“A National Public Register of Child Sex Offenders...would have a strong deterrent effect on offenders and ensure that parents are not in the dark about whether a registered sex offender has access to their children.” Read more:
Message to my Department (PM&amp;C): I didn’t ask for the shoeshine, but if you must Photoshop, please focus on the hair
Australia's welfare dependence has dropped to its lowest level in 30 years. Labor wants to junk the principle of mutual obligation that has reduced welfare dependency and helped create 1.2 million new jobs. Read more:
“We welcome people from all round the world, but those few who think they can live in Australia and be involved in criminal actions need to know they won’t be staying long.” Read more: #auspol
“More than 800 people including child sex offenders, killers and domestic abusers were stripped of their visas and faced deportation last year in an ongoing federal government crackdown.” #auspol
“Independent economic analysis confirms it (Labor’s higher capital gains tax) will not only hurt confidence in the market but reduce GDP growth, lower real wages, increase rents and undermine economic activity overall.” - Josh Frydenberg #auspol
"Now is the worst possible time for Labor's disastrous new housing tax." Josh Frydenberg #auspol
Australia can’t afford to go back to Labor’s border security failure. #auspol
Under Labor, 50000 people ­arrived on 800 boats, 1200 people drowned at sea and 8000 children were put in detention.   Only the Liberal and Nationals Government can be trusted with border security. #auspol
Thousands of Australian families and small businesses on standing offers will today get an automatic discount of up to 15 per cent off their electricity bill. #auspol
Happy New Year, Australia! We’re going to make it a good one for all Australians, stronger together.
How good is Christmas! From my family to you and yours... Merry Christmas, Australia.
A reminder of why a strong economy is so important. Unlike Labor, we are subsidising all drugs recommended by the independent medical experts. #auspol
A stronger economy means better access to life changing medicines.  More than 6000 Australians affected by multiple sclerosis will save around $54000 a year with the listing of a new medicine on the PBS. #auspol
[1/3] It has been an honour and a privilege to visit around 800 of Australia’s serving men and women in our defence
"Housing Industry Association...predicted renters across Australia will be hit with an extra $500 million in additional rental fees each year if Labor’s changes to negative gearing and capital gains tax are introduced." #auspol
Getting the Budget back to surplus is the first job. Paying off Labor’s debt is the second. Read more:
“Labor's 'fairness' is actually a mindset that no one should get more than anyone else and government will punish them if they do..."  Nyunggai Warren Mundine, Former ALP National President  Australia can't afford Labor.
We’re on track to bring the Budget back into balance. But there's still more work to be done.  Only a
Our plan for a stronger economy is working.  Labor’s only plan is to risk our strong economy with higher taxes on
The Coalition Government is delivering record jobs growth.   Our promise for one million new jobs within five years
The idea of a Shorten government should ring alarm bells! #auspol
Australia's Budget will finally return to surplus next year.   Fixing the Budget is the first job. Paying off Labor's debt is the second. #auspol
Labor wants to end negative gearing as we know it, and increase capital gains tax on investments. Labor Housing Tax would hit property values, increase rents and hurt Australia’s economy. #auspol
More spending and higher taxes. We’ve seen all this before from Labor. It’s a re-Rudd of their past fails. You can’t
To fact-check the false claims coming out of Labor’s #LabConf18, visit: #auspol
Last time, Labor delivered 6 record deficits totalling $240 billion.  The Liberals are turning the Budget around. We will deliver a surplus next year.   Australia can’t afford to go back to Labor. #auspol
Labor’s plan for special paid holidays for union delegates would cost Australia's economy $1.3 billion. Australia can't afford Labor. #auspol
“Giving extra holidays to one employee so they can go off and campaign for their union while their colleagues stay behind hard at work simply doesn’t pass the sniff test.” Kelly O’Dwyer #auspol
.@billshortenmp’s $200b tax grab would hurt our economy, put jobs at risk &amp; cost everyday Australians.   A weaker
Because we are running a strong economy, we can invest $1.25 billion into the health care services that Australians
ICYMI: This is why we changed the Liberal Party's leadership rules last week.
Labor can’t be trusted with border security. #auspol
Labor’s team wants to weaken Australia’s strong border protection policies.   Last time under Labor there were over 50000 arrivals in 800 illegal boats. We can’t risk it again. #auspol
Under Labor, there were over 50000 illegal arrivals on over 800 boats.  You can’t trust Labor with border security. #auspol
Our Government will always work to keep Australians safe. Today, Labor have been trying to erode our strong border
You can’t trust Labor to secure Australia’s borders. #auspol
The Morrison Government’s economic plan is working. Creating over 1.18 million new jobs since coming into office. #StrongerAus
The Australian economy is in fundamentally good shape due to the Coalition Government’s strong economic management.  
Under @ScottMorrisonMP’s economic leadership, the Government is on track to deliver the first Budget surplus in a decade, without raising taxes. Now is not the time to hit Australians with Labor’s $200 billion in new taxes. #StrongerAus
#BREAKING: In the September quarter the Australian economy grew by 2.8% through the year and continues to grow faster than the OECD average &amp; all of the G7 nations except the USA. #StrongerAus
We're putting power back in the hands of Australian voters.
[2/2] Our thoughts and prayers are with the President’s family and the American people.
[1/2] Australians join with the American people to mourn the loss of President George H. W. Bush. The President was
Next year, Australia’s Budget will finally return to surplus. Since we were elected, 1.2 million more jobs have been created.   A strong economy means we can guarantee record funding for essential services Australians rely on. #auspol
[3/3]  These will be difficult hours and days for Queenslanders. They have our thoughts and prayers, along with the
[2/3] The Commonwealth Disaster Assistance Plan has been activated, and the Australian Defence Force is already
[1/3] Tonight, we all stand with Queenslanders as bushfires burn across the state, threatening homes and
Meet the people who will be affected by Labor's Retiree Tax, which will steal the tax refunds of retirees and low
Congratulations to the @SouthernStars on a fantastic win in the @WorldT20 semi-final! One more to go! 🏏
I remember Labor in Government last time. And don’t get me started on 50000 illegal arrivals and blowing the Budget
The Coalition Government is making parental leave pay more flexible to give families more choice.  For more info on
Remember the last time Labor tried to install something in your home?  Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol
Sad to see pathetic attack by @MThistlethwaite &amp; @MattKeogh on @AboutTheHouse Economics Committee giving retirees a
After voting against a ban on secret payments between employers and unions, Labor's call for an Integrity Commission sound a bit hollow. #auspol
If Bill Shorten wants to talk with credibility about integrity, he should stop taking donations from the CFMMEU. #auspol
Labor voted against a ban on secret payments between employers and unions. Bill Shorten's calls for an Integrity Commission ring hollow. #auspol
"Every home through every street will be impacted...I am concerned that it would do so much damage - unemployment, higher interest rates - it could tip us into recession.” - John Symond  Australia can't afford Labor. #auspol
“...AGL has become the first power retailer to offer its customers automatic discounts after the Morrison government threatened to hit recalcitrant companies with a 'big stick.'” Read more: #auspol
"Property experts warn that if Labor wins the next election and implements their planned changes to negative gearing...it could send the economy into recession."  Australia can't afford Labor. #auspol
Australia can’t afford Labor. Labor’s Housing Tax will hurt home values and our economy. #auspol
There's more to be done, but our plan for a stronger economy is working. Read more: #auspol
For small business, getting access to finance is absolutely critical. See our plan to back Australian small businesses here #auspol
If you own your own property - under Labor’s plan, it will be worth less.   If you rent your own home - under Labor’s
Surprise, surprise. @Bowenchris Oz op ed today fails to mention Labor’s 5 new taxes on housing, retirement savings,
My message to Australians today.
RT @ScottMorrisonMP:
We're backing Queenslanders by connecting up the north to the south to keep the economy moving.
[2/2] This is the problem with Labor, obsessed with nonsense like removing gender from birth certificates rather
[1/2] A Liberal National Government will never remove gender from birth certificates, licenses and passports – who
More investment. More tourism. More jobs. Our Geelong City Deal will be a game changer.
A win for common sense. We should always be proud to celebrate Australia Day. 
The cost of groceries, petrol and even electricity bills are all about to get cheaper for our veterans with the
Older Australians deserve answers on Labor’s Retiree Tax. #auspol
You asked about how we're getting electricity prices down. Here's my answer.
With property market softening, now is the worst time for Labor's new housing tax which would slow building, cost jobs and hit Australia's economy. #auspol
Today, we say we are sorry. Sorry that you were not protected, that you were not listened to, for refusing to trust
There is a lot at stake today. Here is my election day message to the voters of #Wentworth. Thank you, Dave. #auspol
With a 1 seat majority, don’t risk it! #auspol #Wentworth
The things that matter.
There must be something wonderful in the water at Mr and Mrs Collings are an inspiration to every married
Tax cuts for small and family businesses have passed the parliament and unemployment has fallen to 5%, the lowest
The Liberal Party's Wentworth campaign had absolutely no involvement in the sending of this e-mail. We condemn vile personal smears of this nature.
@TheLyonsDen The Liberal Party's Wentworth campaign had absolutely no involvement in the sending of this e-mail. We condemn vile personal smears of this nature.
“People have been concerned about recent political events. But I believe Dave Sharma will be part of the solution. He brings people together.” – Julie Bishop #auspol #Wentworth
Over the next two weeks in Parliament, this will be our focus.
Liberal? Labor? Clover? Over Clover? Her own Party? Independent?  Do you know what you’re getting? #auspol #Wentworth
The Wentworth by-election is close. A Phelps win would mean a hung parliament and bring Australia closer to Shorten, higher taxes and a weaker economy. Don’t risk it. #auspol #Wentworth
A Phelps win would mean a hung parliament. Today, Independents cited the Gillard hung parliament as a good precedent? Don’t risk it. #auspol #Wentworth
With a 1 seat majority, a Phelps win would mean a hung parliament. Labor and Independents would mean a weaker economy and higher taxes. #auspol #Wentworth
This by-election is extremely close. A Phelps win would mean a hung parliament. Phelps + Labor. Don't risk it. #auspol #Wentworth
GetUp is a left wing political machine. In Wentworth, GetUp and Labor operatives are backing Kerryn Phelps, to create a hung parliament. Labor + GetUp + Phelps. Don't risk it. #auspol
Under Labor, you’ll pay too much tax.
“With two Labor campaigners ­already playing key roles in the Phelps campaign, the involvement of GetUp has fuelled claims she is being used by the ALP as a faux party candidate.” Don’t risk it. #auspol #Wentworth
Kerryn Phelps says her preference backflip came from "advice" about getting elected.  With Phelps, do you really know what you are getting? #auspol #Wentworth
Phelps. Do you know what you're getting? #auspol #Wentworth
It’s true.
Phelps’ website was built by Labor’s web designers. Her campaign is managed by a Labor operative.  Labor + Phelps = uncertainty. Don’t risk it.  #auspol #Wentworth
Got to hit the button on the first steel cut for the country’s new Offshore Patrol Vessels today.  Our Government’s
Every State and Territory is better off under our fairer GST plan.
Humbled to meet the men and women of the @Australian_Navy who keep our borders secure and our nation safe.
Our Government is giving senior Australians more choices as they age ✅
Mile, you have been an inspirational leader. We thank you and wish you all the best for the future.
Another great spectacle. Roosters just too strong. Not just tonight, but all season. Cronk - a champion. Thank you,
"Australia Day is Australia Day and must always remain Australia Day": @ScottMorrisonMP says it's "possible, and
.@ScottMorrisonMP says Australia will meet its Paris emissions reduction commitments "in a canter" #Insiders #auspol
I am terribly saddened to hear of the tragic events in Sulawesi. I extend Australia’s heartfelt prayers for
‘Eagle Rock’ ringing out at the G. Congrats to West Coast. A cracking game. Lived up to all expectations.
Sorry, @fatmanscoop, I made a new friend at the AFL Grand Final this arvo.
The great and good have assembled for the AFL GF, but none greater than Bob Semple, one of the original Rats of
When it’s grand finals weekend and you don’t have a sporting bone in your body. Nice try, Bill. Fresh looking scarf
The Liberals have increased Medicare bulk billing rates from 82% to 86%. Dr Phelps opposed bulk billing, yet is now campaigning on Medicare? #auspol #Wentworth
Surprised &amp; astonished that @drkerrynphelps is advocating for lower bulk billing rates - while there are record record
Thanks to @ashbernfarms for having me visit today. So great to see Australians buying strawberries and supporting
ABC Board and Chairman have made the right call. Time for the ABC to resume normal transmission, both independently
A vote for an Independent is a vote for...Labor? Don’t risk it. #Wentworth #auspol
A vote for an Independent is a vote for uncertainty. It could bring Australia one step closer to Bill Shorten, higher taxes and a weaker economy. #auspol
A vote for an Independent is a vote for uncertainty. It could bring Australia one step closer to Bill Shorten, higher taxes and a weaker economy. #auspol
Indulgent self-loathing doesn’t make Australia stronger. Being honest about the past does. Our modern Aus nation
Under Labor, the gender pay gap increased from 15.5% to 17.2%. Under our Government it has fallen to 14.5% and
Thrilled Dr Fiona Kotvojs has been selected to be our Liberal candidate for Eden Monaro. With a background in small
Some good news for our economy, but so is a fourth album for The Saints.
Make no mistake. A vote for an Independent is a vote for Bill Shorten, his higher taxes and a weaker economy. Don’t risk
Australia’s AAA credit rating has been reaffirmed by S&amp;P + the negative outlook removed. Our “fiscal prudence” &amp;
Our schools funding package offers families more choice. Was good to meet the kids at Galilee Catholic Primary
Always ready to pull the boots on when called upon. #upupcronulla
Sabotaging our strawberries is sabotaging our farmers. The Liberal-National Government will pass tough new laws to send a clear message to the cowards who commit these crimes.  Read more here:
Sabotaging our strawberries is sabotaging our farmers. It’s not right. It’s not on. It's a crime.
Support our strawberry farmers and make a pav this weekend (or sooner). That’s what Jen and I will be doing - and
With a one seat majority, a vote for an Independent could bring Australia one step closer to Bill Shorten and higher taxes and a weaker economy. Don’t risk it #auspol
Every Australian deserves to have great confidence about the care that their loved ones will receive in our aged
The Royal Commission into aged care quality and safety will help younger Australians with disabilities move out of
Good friend @JulianLeeser shares on what this year's @ruokday theme, 'Signs', is all about.
We're raising the standard for senior Australians.
Another perspective on the drought: Feedlot operators from North West NSW, Michael in Bellata and Sandy from near
My thoughts are with families in mourning today as we remember the victims of 9/11. We stand with the USA in our
To our Jewish Australians and Jewish people everywhere, I extend my best wishes for Rosh Hashanah. May this Jewish
Good call by @NAB not to lift mortgage rates. They seem to get it.
There’s much more to be done, but the Liberal and Nationals team has made a lot of progress to deliver a stronger economy and more secure future. #auspol
Congratulations Georgina Downer on being pre-selected as the Liberal candidate for Mayo. #MoreforMayo
Legacy Australia, thank you for looking after the families of those who look after us.
Today marks five years since Tony Abbott led the Coalition into Government.  To read a list of achievements of the Liberal and Nationals Government, click here:  Together, we can build an even stronger Australia. #auspol
This is what I believe...
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo, our thoughts are with the Japanese people following recent natural disasters, including
We do not need ‘gender whisperers’ in our schools. Let kids be kids.
75 CFMMEU representatives before the courts. $15.9 million in fines. Yet Shorten continues to let the CFMMEU pull Labor’s strings. #auspol
John Millman, take a bow #Millmania
Coordinating our response to drought and working together to bust congestion in our cities were just some of the
"Bill Shorten is union bred, union fed and union led." - Scott Morrison. Despite the CFMMEU showing outrageous disregard for the law, Shorten still takes their donations and lets them pull Labor's strings. #auspol
Happy Father's Day, Dad. Love you. Thanks for everything. 
Young Australians battling cystic fibrosis will have affordable access to a life-changing drug from today. 
“For all of us blokes, let’s strive to be the best dads, husbands and partners that we can be.” Read the Prime Minister’s Father’s Day message here: #auspol
Not just close neighbours - but great friends. Thanks for the warm welcome @jokowi
These kids in West Java - and kids just like them back home in Australia - are the reason I signed yesterday’s trade
Yesterday afternoon I began talking to CEOs of energy retailers to get a better deal for Pensioners, retirees,
Oh stop it, ScoMo! 🔥🔥🔥  How's that for a flick. 😯 #9NRLFootyShow
Clontarf Foundation are changing young men's lives all across Australia.
Family businesses like Galvatech are more than just companies. They represent Australians - like John and Darren -
"If you have a go in this country, you will get a go. There is a fair go for those who have a go - that's what fairness in Australia means."
Busy couple of days - swearing in the new Ministry, getting to work with the new Minister for Energy @AngusTaylorMP
Today I gave each of my Ministers a lapel pin with the Australian flag on it. I’ve been wearing this for many years
The next generation of Liberal and National Party leadership sat around the Cabinet table today. It's time to get to
Received my first letter as PM yesterday, a beautiful note from students at St. Finbarr's School in Quilpie. What a
We know that people like Annabel and Stephen are doing it tough in drought-stricken areas such as Quilpie. Our
ICYMI: Our next-generation Coalition team will implement our plan for a stronger Australia. We are focused on
Senator John McCain was a true friend of Australia who was committed to strengthening the alliance between our two
Taking a quick dinner break with some key stakeholders.
First day as Prime Minister and getting on with the job. Meeting with the Deputy PM @M_McCormackMP, my colleague
First order of business for PM @ScottMorrisonMP and DPM @M_McCormackMP is a detailed briefing from Drought Commissioner
Had a great discussion with @realDonaldTrump this morning. We affirmed the strength of the relationship between the
Thank you for your service to our country, @TurnbullMalcolm #auspol
We're on your side.
Congratulations to PM Scott Morrison and Deputy Leader @JoshFrydenberg. All the best to @TurnbullMalcolm, his outgoing
LIVE with @ScottMorrisonMP and @JoshFrydenberg: 🔌 Getting your electricity bills down ⬇
Not only are more Australians getting jobs, but under our Personal Income Tax Plan, they will be keeping more of
Labor’s Retirement Tax would punish those who save for retirement, resulting in more people depending on the Age Pension. Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol
There's more to be done, but our plan for a strong economy is working. Read more: #auspol
Here is @billshortenmp, all miked up and ready to go on an outback adventure #Insiders #auspol
Five more people are no longer Australian citizens because of their involvement with Islamic State. Read more:
BREAKING: @theage reveals @billshortenmp &amp; @Mark_Butler_MP misleading on power prices again, citing a tariff from 1
We are having these by-elections now because Shorten lied and Labor MPs clung on, costing taxpayers.  You can’t trust Labor. #auspol
Bill Shorten might have disappeared today but there is no hiding the fact that a vote for Susan Lamb is a vote for Bill Shorten and his higher taxes. #auspol
Bill Shorten might have disappeared today but there is no hiding the fact that a vote for Justine Keay is a vote for Bill Shorten and his higher taxes. #auspol
You can't trust Labor with Australia's borders. #qldpol #auspol
Recent ABS jobs figures show the strongest growth in jobs for young Australians (15-24) since 1989. Our plan for a stronger economy is working. #auspol
Labor's Susan Lamb knew she was ineligible to sit in Parliament. But she kept the meter running, costing taxpayers $250000+. #auspol
Trevor Ruthenberg will deliver for Longman.   #BigTrev has a plan for lower taxes, less congestion and even more
Labor’s Retirement Tax would hurt those who have done the right thing, by working hard and saving for their retirement. Australia can't afford Labor. #auspol
A vote for Labor's candidates in Braddon, Longman and Mayo is a vote for Bill Shorten and his higher taxes. #auspol #politas #qldpol #saparli
Labor already wants higher taxes when you work, save, invest and retire. Now their union masters want a new tax when you die as well? Australia can't afford Labor. #auspol
Good support for big Trev &amp; the @TurnbullMalcolm Government on the prepoll in #Longman. Thanks to all those helping
339000 jobs were created in the 2017-18 Financial Year - that is the best financial year result since 2004-05
GetUp! is advocating a vote for a white supremacist and convicted criminal in Longman ahead of LNP candidate Trevor
Disgusting.
"This policy clearly affects low, not high, income earners, which flies in the face of good tax policy." The best way to stop Labor’s unfair Retirement Tax, is to vote Liberal. #auspol
The people smugglers will never give up trying to bring people to Australia on illegal boats. Only the Liberals and Nationals team can be trusted to keep our borders secure. #auspol
Turnbull Govt’s legislated personal income tax cut plan helps to lift monthly consumer confidence to highest level
Albo positioning for #laborleadership by saying they made mistakes on boats. Truth is Albo would be weaker on boats
Anthony Albanese described Mark Latham as "incisive". Now Latham has described Bill Shorten as someone who "lies and lies and lies". #auspol
Burpengary Brumbies 🏏 club are so stoked with $66000 for new pitches, lighting and club house upgrades thanks 🙏🏻
Business voting with their feet on Shorten’s higher tax agenda #politas #Braddon
Devonport Business show Bill Shorten their views on his higher taxes - “winner” ?   #auspol
From 1 July, new Turnbull Government initiatives have taken effect, including: income tax relief, small business tax relief, the New Child Care Package; measures to assist homebuyers and new subsidised medicines. Read more: #auspol
We’re backing local Tassie apprentices, businesses and TAFE educators with our commitment to an advanced welding training
From today, the Turnbull Government will list the life-changing breast cancer medication Kisqali on the Pharmaceutical
Tonight the Senate passed legislation establishing the National Housing Finance and Investment Corporation (NHFIC). 
Bill Shorten can’t even perform a backflip properly. Turns out he is still pushing for higher taxes on small and
Bill Shorten is playing with the jobs of Australians to save his own job. Small business just can’t trust him.  First
.@Shorten_Suite to BS🤥: "Hey boss, you should definitely go on Brisbane radio and talk about hospitals in Longman..." 
Today, Bill Shorten announced Labor will increase tax on medium-sized businesses. This will put jobs at risk. Shorten is putting his job ahead of the jobs of everyday Australians. #auspol
Hey Bill - remember that time Patsy from Caboolture called you out your lies, live on air? #awkward #auspol #SenateQT
. @Bowenchris ?
Bill Shorten has confirmed yet another giant, job-destroying tax on Aus biz &amp; the economy. Not only has Labor
Labor has no plans to grow the economy, just plans to suffocate it with higher taxes, destroying jobs and stealing
Bill Shorten is like a gambler chasing his losses. He lost three seats because his rolled gold guarantee was
Our tax relief plan is affordable and will strengthen our economy, by encouraging and rewarding hard work and aspiration. It will make taxes lower, simpler and fairer. Read more:
The Turnbull Gov has delivered income tax cuts for all Australian workers paying tax. In passing our Personal Income
Our plan for income tax relief will make taxes lower, simpler and fairer. It will encourage and reward the hard work and aspiration of everyday Australians. #auspol
This week Parliament has the opportunity to support our plan to cut income taxes for working Australians. Our plan
Our plan for tax relief will make taxes lower, simpler and fairer. It will encourage and reward working Australians.   Labor's is putting politics ahead of hard working Australians. #auspol #qt
Labor's Deputy Leader says "this aspiration term mystifies me".  No wonder, when Labor is trying to kill aspiration with $200 billion of higher taxes on electricity, small businesses, incomes, housing, investments, savings and retirees. #auspol
Treasury has confirmed Labor’s Retirement Tax grab doesn’t add up. Bill Shorten can’t be trusted to manage Australia’s economy. #auspol
If Labor gets in, so will more illegal arrivals. #auspol
What is it about Bill Shorten and pies? Don’t let him take another slice of your small business. #auspol
Bill’s new Retirement Tax will feather Labor’s nest, at the expense of yours. #auspol
Don’t let Labor’s higher taxes Shorten Australia’s future. #auspol
Welcome modest price relief from @aglenergy for its electricity customers in QLD, NSW &amp; SA. Coupled with reductions
Today's National Accounts show Australia has climbed back to the top of the global economic growth leader board,
Labor thinks paying tax is a privilege. Under Labor, Australians will pay over $200 billion more #auspol
Last year, around 300000 small businesses accessed the Liberal National Govt's instant asset write off to invest in machinery and equipment. We're extending this policy, to help small business grow and create more jobs. Read more: #auspol
Since 2013, the Liberal National Govt has listed new medicines worth around $9 billion on the PBS. With a stronger economy, we can provide better health and make a real difference to people's lives. Read more: #auspol
Because our plan for a stronger economy is working, a Liberal National Government can afford to fund life saving
People forget how much damage the Labor Party did when they dismantled our border protection policies and they are
Labor leaders' views about taking CFMEU donations?  Bob Hawke 🙅🏼‍ Kevin Rudd 🙅🏼‍ Bill Shorten 😋 #auspol
Our plan for a stronger economy is working. Read more:
We are deeply saddened to inform you of the passing of Sir John Leslie Carrick, AC, KCMG. Sir John’s service to our great
When Chris Bowen was last Treasurer in a Labor Govt, the economy was weakening, unemployment was rising and the
Time to throw it back to 1989 ... the last time Labor delivered a surplus.   Die Hard was playing on the big screen
This sums up Bill Shorten’s problem. #shortenlies #laborleadershiplies #Mediscarelies #citizenshiplies
Labor's last Budget surplus was in 1989, when this song was #1.   Under Shorten, Australia would still be waiting. #auspol
Bill Shorten lied about Labor MPs and dual citizenship. He wants $200+ billion of higher taxes – on electricity, small and family business, incomes, housing, investment and retirees. Australia can't trust him. #auspol
Don't believe Labor's lies about our tax plan. #auspol #budgetreply18
If you can’t count to five, you can’t run the country. #auspol #budget
COUNTING. #auspol #budgetreply18
Tonight Bill Shorten promised $2.8 billion for every public hospital.   There are 700 in Australia.   That’s a 2
Bill Shorten tonight confirmed he would increase taxes on Australian business, abandoning 9 out of 10 Australian
Bill Shorten’s dishonesty is really quite breathtaking. He was one of the strongest advocates of tax cuts for all
#ShiftyBill is confirming that he will increase taxes on small and medium business which will hurt the economy and
Labor’s 50% renewable energy target would increase electricity prices by $300 for an average household #shiftybill
Only Labor would claim $24.5 billion extra funding for schools is a ‘cut’ #budgetreply
Unfortunately the facts disagree with @billshortenmp we will provide an additional $30 billion for Australian hospitals.
#shiftybill #budgetreply18
People can’t trust Bill Shorten. He told people Labor had ‘delivered’ a surplus before. They hadn’t. They haven’t
Under Labor nurses and teachers will be hit by higher taxes on electricity, housing and savings. #ShiftyBill
Labor’s $200 billion of higher taxes – on electricity, small and family business, incomes, housing, investment and retirees – would hurt our economy, hurt families and cost jobs.  #auspol #budgetreply18
#shiftybill #budgetreply18
When Bill Shorten was last in Government he left behind a weakening economy, rising unemployment and a rapidly
The budget deficit is less than half what it was two years ago. We're ensuring that the government lives within its means. #auspol #Budget2018
“Once again, Mr Speaker, I commend our plan for a stronger economy and this Budget to the House.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Our record of financial responsibility means that under our plan, Australians can plan for their future with confidence. We must stick with this plan because it’s working. We can’t afford to risk the alternative.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Taxes should be lower, simpler and fairer, but taxes must also be paid. Honest and fair businesses and taxpayers are being ripped off by those who think they are above paying tax.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“We are also further tightening thin cap rules to stop multinationals from fiddling with how they account for debt, to reduce their tax liabilities.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“We will close down another tax loophole opened up by the Rudd Government back in 2008 that gave foreign companies a tax break over Australian companies, by changing the tax treatment of stapled structures.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
We are cracking down to ensure that R&amp;D tax incentives are used for their proper purpose, with enhanced integrity, enforcement and transparency arrangements, saving taxpayers $2 billion over the next four years. @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“After record jobs growth, the proportion of working age Australians now dependent on welfare has fallen to 15.1 per cent – the lowest level in over twenty five years.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“New powers will also be sought... to back in States and Territories to crack down on offenders and criminals with outstanding warrants and fines by withholding their welfare payments.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“…we are investing more than $160 million to help our police, criminal intelligence and domestic security agencies fight crime and prevent” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“In this Budget we are taking further action, directly investing to harden up security at our airports.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Our veteran centric reform package will continue with a planned additional $112 million in this Budget, as will our support for ongoing veterans’ mental health and employment initiatives.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Indigenous Australians also benefit from our $550 million commitment to address remote housing needs in the Northern Territory and $1.7 billion through our primary health care model.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“And we have moved to guarantee rural and remote access to dental, mental health and emergency medical services through increased financial support for the Royal Flying Doctor Service.’ @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“In rural and regional areas we have funded a plan to get more doctors to where they are needed through a new workforce incentive programme.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“The Government will also provide $20.9 million to support parents and infants by funding tests for new conditions and ensure that debilitating conditions are picked up at the earliest opportunity.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Lifeline Australia will receive additional support as will funding for Mental Health Research, with $125 million over 10 years from the Medical Research Future Fund.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“This Budget includes an extra $1.4 billion for listings on the PBS, including medicines to treat spinal muscular atrophy, breast cancer, refractory multiple myeloma, and relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis...” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Our new five year hospitals agreement, which is being signed onto by the states and territories, will deliver $30 billion in additional funding, a one third increase over the previous five years.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“The National Partnership Agreement on universal access to early childhood education will be extended for a further year at a cost of $440 million.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“In this Budget we are extending the National Schools Chaplaincy programme on a permanent basis, with a special new anti-bullying focus.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“For parents and students, our legislated needs based funding for schools delivers $24.5 billion more over the next 10 years. That’s 50 per cent more funding per student, on average, over a decade.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“We will expand the Entrepreneurship Facilitators program, and create a new Skills and Training Incentive to provide mature age workers with the opportunity to update their skills.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“We will also provide $83 million for increased support for mental health services in residential aged care facilities, especially to combat depression and loneliness.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“We will also be providing $146 million to improve access to aged care services in rural, regional and remote Australia.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“By 2021-22, over 74000 high level home care places will be available, an increase of 86 per cent on 2017-18.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Toolder Australians who wish to stay at home and avoid going into residential aged care the Government will be increasing the number of home care places by 14000 over 4 years at a cost of $1.6 billion.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“…our plan for a stronger economy means the Turnbull Government can guarantee the essential services that Australians rely on.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“In this Budget we are also moving forward with our Open Banking Regime and consumer data right, giving small businesses and households more control, more choice and better deals.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“The legislated bank levy will continue and the Australian Financial Complaints Authority will stand up on 1 November and our Banking Executive Accountability Regime starts on July 1.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
There will also be a $3.5 billion Roads of Strategic Importance Initiative upgrading key freight backed by a new funding round for the Building Better Regions fund. @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“…tonight I am announcing a $1 billion Urban Congestion fund to support projects at a State level to fix pinch points and improve traffic flow and safety in our cities.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Our 10 year $75 billion ten year rolling infrastructure plan will continue – strengthening our economy, busting congestion in our cities, making rural roads safer and getting our products to market.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“We’re backing farmers to create more jobs. In addition to better weather and GPS services, there will be additional funding to protect against pests, disease and weeds.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“The Government will invest more than $2.4 billion in Australia’s public technology infrastructure.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Tonight we announce a new 21st century medical industry plan to create more jobs in this fast growing sector of our economy.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“…we will invest more in our people, providing an additional $250 million for the Skilling Australians Fund to deliver business with the people and skills they need to grow their business.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“For small business we will once again extend the instant asset write off for businesses with a turnover up to $10 million for purchases of up to $20000.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“…we will not adopt the 50 per cent renewable energy target demanded by the Opposition that will also only put electricity prices up.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“The National Energy Security Board estimates annual power bills will fall by $400 on average for every Australian household from 2020, following the introduction of our national energy guarantee.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“…we will oppose unfair tax grabs on retirees and pensioners, by enabling everyone who has invested in Australian companies that issue franked dividends, to keep their tax refunds.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“An expanded Pension Work Bonus will allow pensioners to earn an extra $1300 a year without reducing their pension payments.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“We’re banning exit fees on superannuation accounts for when you want to change funds.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Through the ATO we will be proactively finding your lost super and have it sent to your active superannuation account, ensuring it doesn’t get eaten up in ongoing fees.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“This is not spending or a giveaway. We are simply enabling Australians to keep more of what they have earned.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Under the Turnbull Government’s personal tax plan most working Australians earning above $41000 are likely to never face a higher marginal tax rate through their entire working life.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“…the $90000 threshold will be raised again to $120000, preventing 1.8 million Australians paying 37c in the dollar.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“The $37000 threshold will be lifted to $41000, stopping half a million Australians facing a marginal rate of 32.5 per”  @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“In the 2016-17 Budget we increased the top threshold for the 32.5 per cent tax bracket from $80000 toThis threshold will now be set at $90000 from 1 July 2018.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Step two of the plan ensures that a pay rise, extra overtime or working more hours does not get eaten up by higher tax rates.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“This tax relief will not be clawed back by other tax increases, including the Medicare levy, which will remain unchanged.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Under our personal tax plan, 94 per cent of Australian taxpayers will pay no more than 32.5c in the dollar. That compares to 63 per cent if we leave the system unchanged.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“The plan has three parts. One. Tax relief for middle and low income earners now. Two. Protecting what Australians earn from bracket creep. Three. Ensuring more Australians pay less tax by making personal taxes simpler.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Tonight, I announce a seven year personal tax plan to make personal income tax lower, fairer and simpler.” @ScottMorrisonMP  #auspol #Budget2018
"Net debt will now peak at 18.6 per cent of GDP in 2017-18 and will fall by around $30 billion over the forward estimates. Over the medium term net debt will fall to 3.8 per cent of GDP by 2028-29.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“We are also keeping taxes under our policy speed limit of 23.9 per cent of GDP set out in our fiscal strategy. Higher taxes to chase higher spending never ends well.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Real expenditure growth remains below two per cent, the most restrained of any Government in more than fifty years.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“As a Government we have put constraints on how much we spend and how much we tax, to grow our economy and responsibly repair the budget.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“The Budget is forecast to return to a modest balance of $2.2 billion in 2019-20 and to projected surpluses of $11.0 billion in 2020-21 and $16.6 billion in 2021-22.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“In 2017-18, the Budget deficit will be $18.2 billion, less than half what it was just two years ago.   This will be the best budget outcome since the Howard Government’s last budget a decade ago.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“3. Guarantee the essential services that Australians rely on 4. Keep Australians safe... 5. Ensure that the Government lives within its means” 2/2 @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“In this year’s Budget there are five things we must to do to further strengthen our economy to guarantee the essentials Australians rely on: 1.Provide tax relief to encourage and reward working Australians 2.Keep backing business to invest and create more” 1/2
“We cannot take a stronger economy for granted. We live in a very competitive world. If we make the wrong calls, other countries will ‘cut our lunch’. There is a lot to gain and much to lose. We can’t ease off.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“Our national economy is strengthening, but it is also true that the benefits are yet to reach everyone. This will take more time.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“We are no longer borrowing money to pay for everyday expenditure like welfare payments. We have retained Australia’s international AAA credit rating from all three agencies...” @ScottMorrisonMP  #auspol #Budget2018
“The Australian Bureau of Statistics figures show that almost a million jobs have been created since we were first elected, as promised. More than a thousand jobs a day, three quarters of which were full time.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
“A stronger economy. More jobs. Guaranteeing essential services. The Government living within its means. That is what this Budget is about.” @ScottMorrisonMP #auspol #Budget2018
This Budget is about more jobs, guaranteeing essential services and government living within its means. #auspol
Back in the office at Treasury this morning as we finalise the Budget before next Tuesday. It all comes down to
Labor's answer to everything? #auspol
Under Labor, you will pay more. #auspol
It's just over a week until I hand down the 2018-19 Federal Budget. We're sticking to our plan for a stronger
When Labor runs out of money, they come for yours. To stop Labor's unfair Retirement Tax, sign up here: #auspol
Our record $500 million Great Barrier Reef investment will improve water quality, tackle coral-eating crown-of-thorns starfish and implement scientific reef restoration. This will also protect jobs that rely on this critical national asset. #auspol
Today, the @TurnbullMalcolm Govt made the largest ever single investment in the protection of the #GreatBarrierReef.
Labor's Retirement Tax punishes hard working Australians who work hard and save for retirement. Help us stop Labor's unfair tax grab:. #auspol
58000 teachers and 41000 nurses negatively gear an investment property. Labor's Housing Tax would penalise many Australians on modest incomes, who invest to get ahead. When Labor runs out of money, they come after yours. #auspol
Even Labor frontbenchers agree Bill Shorten is beholden to the CFMEU. Under Labor, CFMEU thuggery would pose a greater risk to our economy. #auspol
When Labor runs out of money, they come for yours. To stop Labor's unfair Retirement Tax, sign up here: #auspol
Australia's economy generated 367000 jobs in the last 12 months - 226900 of these were FULL TIME jobs. Our plan is working. #auspol
Australia's economy is creating around 1000 jobs per day. By backing small businesses, encouraging exports, investing in infrastructure and working to make electricity more affordable, we are building a stronger economy, with more jobs. #auspol
Labor’s Retirement Tax gets worse. Tax office data shows up to 2.6 million Australians - including pensioners - in more than 2000 retail super funds would have their savings hit. Australia can’t afford Labor. #auspol 
By delivering a stronger economy, we are able to deliver better health care for Australians. #auspol
Yet another independent report has found there will be damaging impacts as a result of Labor’s proposals to increase
From May 1, medicines to treat Hodgkin’s Lymphoma, non-small cell lung cancer, epilepsy and ulcerative colitis will be
Another independent report shows Labor’s tax hikes will hurt Australia’s economy. Australia can’t afford Labor’s $200 billion of higher taxes, which will hit electricity bills, workers, small businesses, investments and retirement. #auspol
The number of jobs has increased for 17 straight months – the longest run of jobs growth on record. Our plan is working. #auspol
Australia's economy is now creating, on average, over 1100 new jobs per day. 78% of these are full-time jobs. There's more to do, but our plan is working. #auspol
Help us to stop Labor's Retirement Tax. Sign up here: #auspol
Congratulations to @marshall_steven and @LiberalSAHQ on a fantastic result. #auspol
Bill Shorten wants to steal tax refunds from pensioners, retirees and low income earners #auspol
When Labor runs out of money, they come for yours. Labor’s tax grabs will hit hard-working Australians, hurt our economy and cost jobs. Who will be next? #auspol
Great discussion today on security and trade. Australia/US trade is fair &amp; reciprocal &amp; each of our nations has no
The Trans-Pacific Trade Agreement will help boost Australia’s exports, our economy and jobs. #auspol
Bill Shorten is visiting Capral Aluminium this morning.  Labor’s carbon tax drove up their electricity prices by $1m
A record wave of new generation is coming online, putting downward pressure on power prices. The National Energy
Bill Shorten puts his job ahead of Australian jobs. He is a massive risk to our $1.7 trillion economy. #auspol
What is Bill Shorten's position on the Adani coal mine? Depends on who he is talking to... #auspol
Bill Shorten – who will say and do anything to get elected – would be a massive risk to our $1.7 trillion economy. #auspol
Bill Shorten: from faceless man to two-faced man. #auspol
Pro coal, anti mine.  A position only BS 🐍 could hold.
77 CFMEU representatives before the courts. Millions of dollars in fines. Bill Shorten in their pocket. #auspol
Bob Hawke and Kevin Rudd have called on Labor to sever ties with the militant CFMEU. Yet Bill Shorten wants to give them more power? #auspol
Chris Bowen and Labor wrong again on company tax. The Turnbull Govt is acting to keep our economy internationally
We're making Australia safer #auspol
This Government has cancelled five times more visas of non-citizen criminals in the past two years than Labor did in six years. This is making Australia safer. #auspol
ICYMI: The Turnbull Government will provide two new ground-breaking flu vaccines to over 3 million Australians aged 65
.@SenatorCash: The Turnbull government is creating jobs at five times the rate compared to the former Labor government.
The number of jobs has now increased for 16 straight months – the longest consecutive run of jobs growth ever recorded. Our plan is working. #auspol
Good to be back, now back to work
Tanya’s right. We certainly are in your debt Swanny: $240 billion in combined deficits, increasing Commonwealth debt
Welcome to the Liberal Party @senatorlucy!
.@TurnbullMalcolm: Australia must defend and cherish our basic values of freedom, democracy, mateship,  mutual respect,
Watch LIVE - the PM delivering a landmark speech about the year ahead:
Yesterday, Bill Shorten twice refused to rule out cutting the private health insurance rebate, relied upon by millions of
Statement from the Liberal Party of Australia Federal President, Nick Greiner, following the death of Mr Ronald Walker AC CBE:
Modelling by Deloitte shows that Labor’s plan to scrap lower-cost policies would result in a 16 per cent increase in
BS spent 30 minutes at the @PressClubAust and.... ❌ Not a single policy to create jobs. ❌ Not a single policy to
BS says households need affordable energy. Fact: Labor's failed energy policies will add at least $200/year more to
BS wants to talk about private health insurance. Yet Bill was silent when we recently announced changes to private
BS continues to scare Australians about Medicare. But the fact is bulk billing of visits to the doctor in Australia
BS today: "We will put the Bargaining back into enterprise bargaining." Fact: When BS was at AWU he used enterprise
BS today: "I spent two decades representing workers." FACT: When BS was head of the AWU he sold out the penalty
FACT: Bill Shorten and the ALP opposed cracking down on multinational tax avoidance back in 2015. Because of the
A lecture on integrity from an OL who: - Opposes cracking down on union corruption.  - Continues to run a protection
Bill Shorten says he wants to crack down on dodgy politicians. Yet he refused to sack Sam Dastyari, and defends
Bill Shorten wants to talk about cost of living. Under Labor, household electricity prices doubled. #auspol
It’s Time... for Labor’s Plan for Jobs &amp; Growth. Will Bill Shorten finally rule out tax hikes for small business?
More than 400000 jobs were created under the Coalition Government in 2017. We have a plan to create more and better
This time last year Bill Shorten told the NPC that he wanted 2017 to be a "contest about jobs". He was right, it
LIVE now with @ScottMorrisonMP on the landmark trade deal and what it will mean for Aussie exporters and jobs
Labor ridiculed Govt for pushing ahead with trade on TPP - Labor proved wrong again on the economy. Labor stands in
In 2017, 403100 new jobs were created - more than any calendar year on record.
Record increase in jobs in 2017 with 403100 created. 1st time employment has increased in every month of a calendar
A free country debates its history, it does not deny it.  Australia Day is Australia's day - a day when we come
Snowy 2.0 is a nation building, renewable energy project that will drive lower electricity prices &amp; create a more
With the National #Energy Guarantee, recommended by the experts, decreasing power prices &amp; increasing grid stability,
Congratulations and welcome Senator Jim Molan - your vast military experience, courage and wisdom once again
Kevin Rudd expelled Joe McDonald from the ALP.   Under Bill Shorten, Labor gives this notorious CFMEU law breaker an award. Unbelievable! #auspol
Bob Hawke has called on Labor to sever ties with the CFMEU. Yet Bill Shorten wants to put them at the heart of Government. That would be a disaster for the Australian economy. #auspol
Great to have @TurnbullMalcolm at West Ryde 🗳. With your help, I'll get on with the job of delivering for you in
Great to have my wonderful volunteers and good friends @ScottMorrisonMP @VictorDominello, @Matt_KeanMP supporting me
With my friend @CraigKellyMP and a huge army of liberal supporters campaigning for the great John Alexander
Election Day in Bennelong and I’m backing @JAforBennelong. He’s part of our team that is delivering for Australian
With our team backing @JAforBennelong in Carlingford today.
The choice is clear. Vote Liberal for a strong economy and more certainty. #auspol #BennalongVotes
Our economy is creating more than 1000 jobs per day.  Annual jobs growth is four times stronger than in Labor's last year.
Keneally dodging questions about her past. Don’t let Labor do it to you again. #auspol #bennelong
Wait times are lower under the Coalition than Keneally with all urgent patients treated at Ryde Hospital within the
Labor’s claim of a $630 million cut is false. Since 2016 the Coalition has delivered an extra $7.7 billion to hospitals
The Coalition is providing record hospital funding across the country. In Labor’s last budget they committed only $4.4
Here’s some facts for Bill Shorten and Kristina Keneally - Commonwealth funding to NSW hospitals is 43 per cent higher
See Keneally's record for yourself at:
✅ Plans for Keneally’s career. ❌ No plans for you. #Bennelong #auspol
Sam Dastyari and Bill Shorten have serious questions to answer. #auspol
Don’t gamble on Labor.
JWH: who is standing beside @samdastyari? Bill Shorten because he relies on his factional support.
Great to be phone canvassing for @JAforBennelong tonight! The choice is clear - John will get on with the job of delivering
These results speak for themselves, John Alexander and the Liberal Government have ensured that Medicare is stronger than ever. #auspol
Keneally has been caught out lying again. Bulk billing is at all-time highs. No plan for Bennelong, just her own career. #auspol
Shorten’s lies on TAFE will never end. #Laborlies #auspol
How do you know when Bill Shorten is lying? His lips are moving. #auspol
Someone forgot to tell Kristina that it was actually Labor that decided to close Medicare at Eastwood.  #Laborlies
The National Energy Guarantee will deliver more affordable and reliable energy for Australian households and
Kristina Keneally caught criticising Labor's decision to shut local Medicare office @smh 
That time @billshorten blatantly lied to @karlstefanovic’s face. Here’s where the independent auditor shows Keneally’s schools
John Alexander is focussed on the #Bennelong community.  Kristina Keneally is focussed
Very good jobs news! Unemployment rate drops to 5.4% in Oct. Full time jobs increase 24300. 13th straight month of jobs
Hammer, meet nail.
Don’t let Kristina Keneally do to Bennelong what she did to New South Wales #auspol
Turnbull Govt policies growing our economy for more &amp; better paid jobs - Aust business conditions at highest level
Our @JohnAlexanderMP has done the right thing by resigning and clearing up any doubts. Yet @billshortenmp is still hiding
Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with the victims of the truck attack in NY &amp; more than ever resolved to defeat terrorism
Family electricity prices will go up under Labor. @billshortenmp &amp; @Mark_Butler_MP need to get on board with our
What will it take for Shorten to sever Labor's CFMEU ties and stop taking their money? #auspol
Australia now has the strongest annual full time jobs growth on record. Turnbull Government = more jobs #auspol
More good news for our economy - unemployment rate falls to 5.5%. More than 371000 jobs have been created in the last
The PM has announced a national energy guarantee to deliver affordable and reliable electricity. WATCH it here first
15 years on we mourn the victims of the Bali Bombings and resolve to do all we can every day to keep Australians
Shorten should condemn this CFMEU thuggery and abuse and the ALP should stop taking their money.
On #WorldMentalHealthDay, organisations like @SoldierOnAust remind us of the great Australian tradition of looking
Thank you @SoldierOnAust for supporting our national security community. #sidebyside #WorldMentalHealthDay
The Prime Minister writing in today's @dailytelegraph.  Read the piece in full here:
PM Malcolm Turnbull joins Tracy in the studio to talk about the new national surveillance and detention laws. #9ACA
Australia mourns with America tonight after shocking senseless attack in Las Vegas.
The Turnbull Government has secured a guarantee from gas companies to deliver more gas for Australian families and businesses. #auspol
Our careful and disciplined approach to financial management has helped improve the Budget position by $4.4 billion
Turnbull Govt to establish national space agency to take advantage of the exciting opportunities of the new space race
PM: we have stopped the boats and we are going to keep them stopped.
Manus and Nauru update from the Prime Minister.
Aussies travelling locally have kept the tourism boom going - combined total spending by overnight tourists hits record
The Coalition's plan for jobs is working. #auspol
The House of Representatives has voted to condemn @billshortenmp for misleading the Australian public on electricity prices
251200 full time jobs created in last year (325600 jobs in total). Strong momentum for Australian economy #auspol
.@cporterwa: Parents who don't vaccinate their children will lose part of their fortnightly welfare payments. MORE:
Blackout Bill at it again. #auspol
I spoke on @InsidersABC about better days ahead &amp; the positive signs in investment, exports, growth &amp; jobs starting
My op-ed in @dailytelegraph today on how the Turnbull Government is continuing to deliver on housing affordability
Only the Coalition will keep the lights 💡 on and your energy bills down ⬇ #auspol
Labor delays important reform to energy networks, puts union mates ahead of savings on household bills:
The Government enjoyed QT so much today that we extended it! Labor high balled the week and ended up with the exploding cigar
The better days ahead are emerging. We've seen evidence of more jobs, investment, wages &amp; exports &amp; GDP today was up
The Government welcomes the decision by the High Court on the Australian Marriage Law Postal Survey:
Mark Butler caught out fibbing. But Australian families have paid the price. #auspol #qt
. @AlboMP jostling for the leadership. Literally 🥊
Today's National Accounts for the June Qtr reveal real growth grew by 0.8% - more than double the 0.3% we saw in
A $500+ per year saving for @John_Durie who just checked he was getting the best deal for his #energy:
Labor's seven deadly #energy sins - my op ed in today's @dailytelegraph:
Here it is! Labor's denials, now admission they were warned their gas policy would ⬆️ power prices:
A day @Mark_Butler_MP would like to forget. Labor's gobbledygook on coal revealed:
.@JoshFrydenberg says we want to empower households to make an informed choice of energy retailer in order to save.
Australia condemns the latest reckless and provocative act by the North Korean regime which threatens the peace and
.@DanielAndrewsMP's energy plan: "a political stunt that will in fact push up power prices" - today's
This is the greatest country in the world. We should be proud of Australia and its history. #auspol
With @AlanTudgeMP and @BertVanManen to announce Logan as 2nd location to trial drug testing to help break drug &amp; welfare
Bill Shorten's latest backflip. #auspol
Did you see Bill Shorten outline his plan for jobs last night? #auspol
If he didn't respect his union members' money, he won't respect yours #auspol
Labor’s latest tax hit will hurt Australian small businesses and harm economic growth. #auspol
Every day Bill Shorten is thinking up new ways to increase taxes on hardworking Australians. #auspol
If Bill Shorten gets his way you WILL pay more tax. #auspol
Bill Shorten is always looking for new ways to increase taxes on Australian families and businesses. #auspol
The @australian headline says it all.   #Wagga farm #smallbiz in @AustralianLabor's tax-grab sights, just like
. @billshortenmp is so worried about fairness he opposed cleaning up thuggery and illegal behaviour in the building
Labor's lies on border protection will never end. You can't trust Labor on boats. #auspol
You can't trust Labor with boats #auspol
Rudd's back in the media today talking about his record on border protection. Labor can't be trusted to manage our borders. #auspol
We are committed to keeping Aussies safe &amp; our country secure. The Home Affairs Ministry will close security gaps.
Labor want higher taxes, fewer opportunities &amp; more union thugs on the streets #auspol
The economy is strengthening and creating more opportunities. #auspol
We won't let Australia be held to ransom by union bosses #auspol
Labor divided. Will @DanielAndrewsMP drop his job destroying gas ban now @billshortenmp supports Finkel Recn 4.3?
The Prime Minister is now LIVE: National Security Announcement
Today I announced a series of new measures to keep Australians safe and enhance Defence's support of our counter
Being a working mum has its challenges but it's also v rewarding I'm committed to helping more 👩 realise their dreams to
Our export trade deals are working. They're creating more Australian jobs. #auspol
PM did us all proud overseas #auspol
We're backing community pharmacies to deliver vital services. Under the Coalition, pharmacists can better support the community. #auspol
Great to see @jokowi. The Australia Indonesia relationship is getting stronger all the time. #G20
On the way to #G20 family photo with @EPN and @realDonaldTrump
With @EmmanuelMacron at the Elysee Palace in Paris reaffirming our commitment to shared interests &amp; values.
Labor's tax policy would "squeeze the wealth creators and growth drivers". #auspol
G20 in Hamburg with @mathiascormann. Standing up for Australia, talking counter terrorism, free trade, energy
Small business is the backbone of our economy. The Coalition Government is delivering for small business. #auspol
Bill Shorten will always put the union bosses first. #auspol
Small biz is the backbone of economy &amp; cutting their tax creates more Aussie jobs. We're backing small biz but Labor wants to raise taxes.
"Stop this wrecking and start building" -@TurnbullMalcolm #auspol
Tomorrow, more small businesses will see their tax rate fall to 27.5%. This will create jobs &amp; opportunities for all. #auspol
We're securing Medicare for generations to come while Labor blatantly lies and runs dishonest scare campaigns. #auspol
Shorten wants small biz to pay higher penalty rates on Sun than big biz who do deals with big unions. Bad for economy, bad for jobs. #auspol
Unions meet to discuss bullying Australians at work, home and the footy club. #auspol
Shorten can't kick militant union CFMEU out of Labor because he's owned by them #auspol
"Ours is the party of freedom, ours is the party of responsibility, ours is the party of security." @TurnbullMalcolm #LibCouncil #auspol
“Everything we do is in order to ensure that our children and grandchildren have greater opportunities than we did.” @TurnbullMalcolm
“Labor cannot be trusted on migration, citizenship or keeping Australians safe &amp; their borders secure” @TurnbullMalcolm #LibCouncil #auspol
“We have stopped the boats, stopped the people smugglers and restored confidence in our borders.” @TurnbullMalcolm #LibCouncil #auspol
“We’re reducing taxes on small &amp; medium business to keep Australia competitive.” @TurnbullMalcolm #LibCuncil #auspol
“The Government I lead is committed to providing the opportunities for Australians to achieve their best” @TurnbullMalcolm #LibCouncil
“We believe those who seek to become Aust. citizens should demonstrate that they share our values and have integrated with our community.”
“The reason we are the most successful multicultural society in the world is because our values are accessible to all.” @TurnbullMalcolm
Our main priority as a govt is to keep Australians safe. We have the best law enforcement, security &amp; intelligence agencies in the world.”
“Labor thinks that every dollar of profit the govt allows a business to keep is a handout to the business.” @TurnbullMalcolm #LibCouncil
We believe Govt job is to enable you to do your best. Labor believes that Govt job is to tell you what is best @TurnbullMalcolm #LibCouncil
CFMEU Setka’s thuggery &amp; threats won’t be accepted. We don’t &amp; won’t accept them. Shorten’s Labor does. @TurnbullMalcolm #LibCouncil #auspol
Everything we do as a party harks back to the primacy of the individual &amp; the importance of individual freedoms @TurnbullMalcolm #LibCouncil
“Our small biz tax cuts ensure employers of more than half of all Aussies in workforce can grow, invest more &amp; employ more” @TurnbullMalcolm
PM @TurnbullMalcolm giving his speech to the @LiberalAus 59th Federal Council in Syd. WATCH LIVE #LibCouncil #auspol
“We are focused on ensuring that all we do is supporting the Australian People.” @JulieBishopMP #LibCouncil #auspol
“We’ve established a global watch office, for 24/7 real-time advice/info as a crisis, terrorist event, disaster unfolds.” @JulieBishopMP
“We have to be continually on our guard to ensure that we are doing all we can to keep our people safe” @JulieBishopMP #LibCouncil #auspol
“We’ve increased the resourcing to our security, law enforcement &amp; intelligence agencies who are doing an extraordinary job” -@JulieBishopMP
.@JulieBishopMP: We're facing new &amp; evolving threats in the face of global terrorism. We're unrelenting in keeping our people safe #auspol
“Australia is an open, export oriented market economy, we’re 24 million people &amp; still the 13th largest economy in the world”-@JulieBishopMP
"We are pushing the reforms to ensure that our nation is strong and prosperous." -@JulieBishopMP #LibCouncil #auspol
.@JulieBishopMP: We are tackling the challenges that our nation faces, delivering on our promises &amp; ensuring prosperity #LibCouncil #auspol
Foreign Minister @JulieBishopMP is giving her speech to the @LiberalAus 59th Federal Council #FedCouncil #auspol
"The Turnbull Government is on your side and will always be on your side" -@ScottMorrisonMP #LibCouncil #auspol
"Labor is the choice of the same old self interested politics - vested interests, special deals, protecting the big unions" @ScottMorrisonMP
“Bill Shorten is not feeling Australians’ pain, he is seeking only to cynically exploit it.” -@ScottMorrisonMP #LibCouncil #auspol
“We must continue to assure Australians that we have their back, for whatever is coming their way.” -@ScottMorrisonMP #LibCouncil #auspol
“No one group, no blind ideological allegiance, can be put above our duty to do the right thing for all Australians.” -@ScottMorrisonMP
“We’re pressing ahead with our plan to reduce small business taxes to support investment and growth” -@ScottMorrisonMP #LibCouncil #auspol
"We’ve acted to guarantee Medicare &amp; increase school funding, both 👍legislated this past fortnight - &amp; fully fund the NDIS" @ScottMorrisonMP
"There is nothing more important to Liberals than families" -@ScottMorrisonMP #LibCouncil #auspol
“It’s no longer about convincing Australians to be on our side, but to convince them we’re on theirs” -@ScottMorrisonMP #LibCouncil #auspol
“We must show them the principles &amp; policies we hold as a Party can make the difference they are seeking for their lives” -@ScottMorrisonMP
“Trade, foreign investment &amp; immigration have been the prime drivers of Aus prosperity since John Macarthur bought some 🐑”-@ScottMorrisonMP
“We must lead &amp; govern for the times we’re in, consistent with our principles &amp; deal with today’s challenges” -@ScottMorrisonMP #LibCouncil
“Our victory last year was achieved against a strong global political headwind for incumbent Govts” -@ScottMorrisonMP #LibCouncil #auspol
Treasurer @ScottMorrisonMP is giving his speech to the @LiberalAus 59th Federal Council now. #LibCouncil #auspol
The Fair Go launched today at #LibCouncil @LiberalAus
@WillHodgman addressing the Liberal Party of Australia’s 59th Federal Council this morning in Sydney #LibCouncil
Bill Shorten screws over workers time and time again to benefit himself. That's how he rolls. #auspol
“Our opponents are beatable - and we must beat them before they radically change Australia” -@ajamesbragg #LibCouncil #auspol
“We judge success by what we do in government – improving lives, growing opportunities &amp; the foundation for future generations” #LibCouncil
“Our opponents exploit weak legal frameworks to push the boundaries and give new meaning to the maxim ‘Whatever it takes’” #LibCouncil
“@LiberalAus exists to win elections to make people’s lives better...our opponents judge success as simply being in government” #LibCouncil
“Research shows our opponents spent &gt; $300m last financial year pushing anti-freedom/business agenda” -@ajamesbragg #LibCouncil #auspol
Acting Federal Director @ajamesbragg speaking now at the @LiberalAus Federal Council #LibCouncil #auspol
Our 59th Federal Council is underway again today from Sydney. RT and follow #LibCouncil for the latest updates #auspol
Message to #LibCouncil from newly elected Liberal Party Federal President, The Hon. Nick Greiner AC #auspol
“Shorten is a wholly owned subsidiary of the more radical elements of the union movement.” - Hon. Richard Alston AO #LibCouncil #auspol
Liberal Party Federal President, The Hon. Richard Alston AO, delivering his President’s Report #LibCouncil #auspol
The @LiberalAus 59th Federal Council is underway. RT and follow #LibCouncil for the latest updates #auspol
The Liberal Party’s 59th Federal Council starts in Sydney this evening. Follow us to keep up to date on the proceedings #LibCouncil #auspol
Parliament has passed our Gonski needs-based schools funding plan – a landmark reform ensuring students get the support they
Small business is the backbone of our economy. We're backing them with vital tax cuts to ensure they can grow &amp; employ more Aussies. #auspol
CFMEU Boss (and Shorten's mate) John Setka threatens violence against families #auspol
Actions speak louder than words. Labor can't distance themselves from CFMEU's behaviour while taking millions in
We're fighting the threats of violence/lawlessness from Labor's union mates. This sort of behaviour has no place &amp; shows why ABCC is needed.
Cleanevent workers got cleaned out to the tune of $400m by Shorten's AWU - then he swept the evidence under the rug.
Labor's CFMEU thugs threaten violence in our community. Shorten &amp; Labor must immediately refuse donations from them.
From farms to tech start-ups, we're backing small business with tax cuts to grow and employ Australians. #auspol
If you're a multinational, Labor &amp; Unions have your back. But if you're a small business, you're on your own #auspol
Multinationals that make money in Aus should pay tax in Aus. The Gvt has intro'd new laws to close loopholes &amp; ensure
We're cracking down on Labor's best friends: multinational tax avoiders #auspol
Shorten &amp; Labor voted against independent directors for super funds #auspol
Labor spent $36m for closed schools. #auspol
Super shouldn't be spent on pol. campaigns. Shorten has questions to answer on payments when he ran for Parl
Bill Shorten's union takes 10 years to correct dodgy records #auspol
Labor took cash from tax fraudsters. #auspol
Labor plan to water down tough citizenship rules. #auspol
We're backing small biz like Richard and Nadia's to grow and employ more people. Labor want to reverse our small business tax cuts. #auspol
The Coalition is stopping Labor / union thuggery &amp; rips offs on Australian building sites #auspol
Dastyari raised China questions days after billionaire paid his $5000 bill #auspol
Shorten / Dastyari &amp; Labor: dodgy deals &amp; rip offs putting union bosses first, workers last. It'll never change #auspol
Bill clings to union mate Shanghai Sam #auspol
You can't trust the weak, extreme Labor / Greens alliance on jobs in Queensland. #auspol
"Labor's reference to sacking teachers is also misleading" #auspol
According to the 2017-18 budget handed down on May 9, Commonwealth schools funding will continue to rise every year #auspol
Ms Plibersek's claim is misleading: the Government is not cutting $22 billion from schools #auspol
The Coalition is fixing &amp; funding schools hospitals &amp; the NDIS. Labor is lying &amp; failing to fund any of its promises #auspol
Labor is no longer interested in workers - only lining the pockets of union bosses and lifting taxes #auspol
Bill Shorten's union mates trying to throw the building industry into chaos &amp; threatening jobs - again. #auspol
We're backing small manufacturers with tax cuts &amp; export trade deals which Labor's union boss masters oppose #auspol
Heard of Labor's 43539% per cent tax rate? #auspol
Shorten reckons anyone earning more than $87000 should be taxed like a millionaire #auspol
Strong growth in beef exports thanks to our export deals - at risk under Labor who opposed the China deal #auspol
Labor's economic plans are "superficial" &amp; can't fund essential services like the NDIS, schools &amp; hospitals. #auspol
We're backing small business to grow &amp; create new jobs while Labor plans a new tax to drag small business down #auspol
Shorten ploy undermines NDIS funding principle #auspol
The only thing that Labor will give small business is higher taxes. #auspol
We're backing small business with tax cuts to create more Aussie jobs. Labor's destroying opportunities for small business through tax hikes
What Bill 🐍 actually did: Walked away from the NDIS 🚶  DIDN'T mention the ABC in QT 🤦🏼‍♂️ DIDN'T back school funding
The Turnbull Government’s Budget is acting to keep our spending growth at the lowest level of any Federal Government
Labor can't &amp; won't fund the NDIS, Medicare or schools. Only the Coalition can actually deliver essential services.
The Coalition: extending the $20000 instant asset write-off for small businesses #auspol #Budget2017
Labor is still divided over NDIS they cruelly never intended to fund properly. #auspol
Growth rate of Govt. spend on track to fall to lowest level in 50 yrs. Labor &amp; Greens want to increase exponentially
Only the Coalition will fund the NDIS. Labor never planned to fund it. We're fixing their mess. #auspol
Labor in meltdown over Shorten refusal to do the right thing by kids with disability &amp; fully fund NDIS:
The Coalition is fully funding the NDIS which Labor has not, and will not properly fund. #auspol
Labor imperils 10000 Queensland jobs thanks to infighting and mismanagement. #auspol
The Coalition's small business tax cuts are supporting farmers to create more jobs. Labor and the unions want to reverse this #auspol
#auspol
The Coalition is fixing and funding the NDIS. #auspol
Menzies shows the way today: enterprise, freedom and social justice. #auspol
10000 QLD jobs in jeopardy as Labor plays battleships in the bath #auspol
Talking about it is one thing, funding it properly is another. We're fixing your mess and funding it properly. #auspol
Labor’s factional infighting on Adani risks QLD jobs &amp; detriments hundreds of millions in India with little to no electricity access #auspol
Labor has never had a plan to fund the NDIS which the Coalition is fixing and actually funding #auspol #Budget2017
We want new export trade deals such as the TPP. Unlike Labor, we know exports create jobs for Australians. #auspol
Strong employment growth, rising sales and confidence in most industries. #Budget2017 will create more opportunities. #auspol
"Labor went to election last year promising $16bn deeper deficits across 4 yrs, it heads to the next one with its books in a bleak state."
Labor's confused response to the  budget that fixes &amp; funds Labor's messes on health, schools and NDIS #auspol
Our budget boosts Australian jobs through new and stronger export trade deals. #auspol #Budget2017
Labor's new tax on small business will cost jobs. #auspol
Small business would pay for Labor's mess with higher taxes. #auspol
Scare campaign on Gonski loses credibility &amp; 150 supporters a day as Coalition fixes Labor's education mess. #auspol
Labor set the NDIS up to fail - we are fixing it. #auspol
Bill Shorten and Labor have confirmed that they want to reverse the tax cuts we've already passed. Find our plan at
RELEASED: Naval Shipbuilding Plan, outlining largest ever programme of naval shipbuilding &amp; sustainment ➡️
#auspol #budget2017 #budgetreply
#auspol
Shorten's budget in reply revealed he thinks small businesses are multinationals. See small biz tell the truth about business tax cuts
Budget in reply summary: 1. More tax for small business 2. No real funding for schools and hospitals  3. A new housing tax #auspol
29 minutes into his 30 minute speech, Bill Shorten mentions small business....an afterthought #auspol
Number of 457s granted to plumbers when @billshortenmp  was employment Minister (2012-13): 480. Record Levels 🥇#auspol
Number of 457s granted to sparkies 🔌when @billshortenmp was Employment Minister (2012-13): 610. Record Levels 🥇#auspol
Number of 457s granted to motor mechanics 🚘 when @billshortenmp was employment Minister (2012-13): 1536.  Record Levels 🥇#auspol
Number of 457s granted to nurses when @billshortenmp  was employment Minister (2012-13): 2853. Record Levels 🥇 #auspol
When Bill Shorten was Education Minister he secretly ripped $1.2 billion from schools in QLD, WA and the Northern Territory #auspol
Shorten left schools underfunded. Just like NDIS. Just like Medicare. #auspol
Shorten just rhetoric: no funding plan, no problem solving: no real money for schools, hospitals and the NDIS #auspol
Bob Hawke would be embarrassed about Bill Shorten's small, closed, backward agenda for Australia #auspol
Shorten says govt should invest in skills. When Labor last in office, they paid people to study massage therapy for dogs and cats. #auspol
Bill Shorten wants Australia to become a closed, low growth museum - no trade, no tax cuts #auspol
Shorten, 2011: Corporate tax reform helps private sector grow and creates jobs right up and down the income ladder. What's changed?  #auspol
.@billshortenmp Revenue and expenditure are different things #auspol #moneyinmoneyout
Labor has no credibility on NDIS after leaving $55.7 billion funding black hole #auspol
By opposing business tax cuts, Shorten denies 3.2 million ununionised small businesses tax relief #auspol
Bill Shorten has now adopted the unions' policy to oppose free trade and the TPP #auspol
Bill Shorten's "false hope" is no real funding for schools, hospitals and the NDIS #auspol
There was 19 million more bulk billed GP visits in the last year, compared to the last year when Labor was last in Govt. #auspol
Bill Shorten's poison pill for housing affordability - a new tax #auspol
Bill Shorten: doesn't know the difference between banks and small business #auspol
Bill Shorten: no plan to fund Medicare #auspol
Penalty rates and Bill Shorten: trading workers' penalty rates away for secret payments for union bosses #auspol
Bulk billing is at record highs - we're guaranteeing Medicare #auspol
Bill Shorten: no plan for housing affordability - just a new tax on houses #auspol
Bill Shorten doesn't know the difference between a multinational company and a small business - wants to tax them equally #auspol
The PM is on @LinkedIn and you can follow and read his post on the 7 things you need to know about the budget here:
Shorten must fess up to his false promises on health, schools &amp; NDIS. He must tell Australians how he will pay for them. Spoiler: He can’t.
Shorten's tax on small business will cost Aussie jobs. #auspol #Budget2017
For Bill Shorten, it will always be unions first, Australia second. #Budget2017 #auspol
Reducing pressure on housing affordability #auspol #Budget2017 via @ScottMorrisonMP &amp; @MichaelSukkarMP
Strengthening the integrity of Australia's tax system #auspol #Budget2017 via @ScottMorrisonMP &amp; @KellyODwyer
"For the third year in a row, the Federal Government has demonstrated a genuine commitment to small business" - @PeterStrongSB, CEO @COSBOA
The Budget is all about making the right choices. It will deliver fairness, opportunity and security for
Tonight's Budget delivers on our rock-solid commitment to Medicare, hospitals, mental &amp; preventive health, and investing
We are strengthening Medicare and guaranteeing vital healthcare services. Read more at #budget2017 #auspol
It does not indulge simplistic solutions to what we know are complex problems #Budget2017 #auspol
It does not pretend to do things with money we do not have #Budget2017 #auspol
This Budget is honest about our challenges and opportunities #Budget2017 #auspol
We are stopping people trying to take an easy ride on our welfare system to protect it for those who need it most #Budget2017 #auspol
We will commence a modest drug testing trial for 5000 new welfare recipients #Budget2017 #auspol
We want to support job seekers affected by drug &amp; alcohol abuse, but to protect taxpayers, it has to be a two-way street #Budget2017 #auspol
The best way to get your welfare budget under control is to get Australians off welfare and into work #Budget2017 #auspol
We will continue our crackdown on multinationals not paying their fair share of tax #Budget2017 #auspol
We will prevent developers from selling more than 50% of new developments to foreign investors #Budget2017 #auspol
Mum and dad investors will continue to be able to use negative gearing, supporting the supply of rental housing #Budget2017 #auspol
On demand management, we will continue to prefer the scalpel to the chainsaw, to avoid a housing shock #Budget2017 #auspol
Under this plan, most first home savers will be able to accelerate their savings by at least 30% #Budget2017 #auspol
First Home Super Saver Scheme will attract the tax advantages of superannuation. Contributions and earnings taxed at 15% #Budget2017 #auspol
For those saving to buy their first home, we are supporting them by providing a tax cut on their home deposit savings #Budget2017 #auspol
We are restoring the pensioner concession card to those impacted by the pension assets test change #Budget2017 #auspol
We are investing $18.6 billion in extra funding to educate our children in all schools over the next ten years #Budget2017 #auspol
Tonight we are closing the funding gap for our National Disability Insurance Scheme #Budget2017 #auspol
We are investing $10 billion in Australia’s health care over four years #Budget2017 #auspol
This new law will set up a Medicare Guarantee Fund to pay for all expenses on the MBS and the PBS #Budget2017 #auspol
We will legislate to guarantee Medicare and the PBS in addition making $1.2 billion in new medicines available #Budget2017 #auspol
We are lifting the freeze on the indexation of the Medicare Benefits Schedule #Budget2017 #auspol
We are ensuring Operation Sovereign Borders has the resources needed do its job #Budget2017 #auspol
We will establish the Western Sydney Airport Corporation to build and operate the new Western Sydney Airport #Budget2017 #auspol
Tonight we announce we will deliver $75 billion in infrastructure funding and financing over ten years #Budget2017 #auspol
To support growth we are investing in building Australia, rail by rail, runway by runway and road by road #Budget2017 #auspol
Small businesses with a turnover up to $10 million keep their $20000 expenditure tax write-off for a further year #Budget2017 #auspol
This Budget is about making the right choices to secure the better days ahead #Budget2017 #auspol
Treasurer @ScottMorrisonMP will deliver #Budget2017 at 7:30pm AEST. Budget information will be available at  #auspol
#BREAKING @tanya_plibersek just walked away from Labor's unfunded $22bn school funding pledge - "we will consider it"
.@tanya_plibersek if we didn't fix your schools funding model, 5524 schools would still be below 95% SRS by 2019, underfunded
.@billshortenmp is standing in a schoolyard talking about 'cuts' to schools, but that school he's at would get $4.3m more from
This achievement demonstrates beyond doubt that the Coalition's tough border protection policies have &amp; are working.
The PM has announced on Facebook the abolition of 457 visas. Hear it first here:
Just in case we needed any more proof, it's clear Chris Bowen is all talk and no action
Statement from Federal President: #auspol
Another Shorten pic-fac today but still no plan for jobs, no plan for growth and no plan for tax cuts to help small
My Statement: #auspol
New @LiberalAus video: #auspol
Bill Shorten has no credibility, no integrity and no shame. Learn more at #auspol
Elaine Benes on Bill Shorten: #auspol
Last night, the Senate voted to strengthen our reforms to Australia’s 3rd largest industry: #auspol
The Talented @Bowenchris - Labor wants this person to be our nation's Treasurer! #auspol
RT @tony_nutt
Statement from @LiberalSAHQ President Steve Murray re Bernardi #auspol
.@TurnbullMalcolm on a better, safer and more prosperous Australia at #NPC today. Full speech here: #auspol
@FedNatDirector @The_Nationals Scott Mitchell has been an outstanding Director of @The_Nationals and a key part of the
We have delivered on our commitments for stronger economic &amp; border security, more jobs &amp; lower taxes #auspol
Today we announced improvements to make super fairer, more flexible &amp; more sustainable.  
Today the HoR passed the CFA Bill; yesterday the Omnibus Savings Bill. The Govt is delivering - @cpyne #qt #auspol
Today the House passed the Respect for Emergency Services Volunteers Bill - @cpyne #qt #auspol
It is important to ensure working mothers can make catch-up contributions to their super - @kellyodwyer #qt #auspol
Our policies deliver a fairer, more sustainable, more flexible system to support retirements incomes - @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
Over the last 12 months there was 9.6% growth in exports - the largest since the Sydney Olympics - @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
Under Labor there were 800 boats, 50K arrivals and 1200 people died at sea. We have stopped the boats - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
There is no greater responsibility for the govt than keeping Australia safe, secure and free - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
Our changes make super fairer and more flexible, while delivering a benefit to the budget bottom line - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
96% of Australians will be better off or unaffected by our changes to superannuation - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
Every lever of our policy is pulling in the direction of stronger economic growth and we are delivering - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
We are committing $195 billion dollars over the next 10 years to improve Australia's defence capability - @cpyne #qt #auspol
Labor's big plan is to increases taxes on Australians by $100 billion dollars - @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
This week more than $10 billion dollars of budget improvement is passing through Parliament - @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
The Coalition is committed to working with our partners around the world to keep Australia safe - @JulieBishopMP #qt #auspol
Achievements over the last 12 months - economic growth 3.3% + 200000 new jobs have been created - @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
Labor back-flipped on $47 billion in spending promises &amp; opposed multinational tax avoidance legislation (2/2) @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
Labor lost the election b/c they had no economic plan; wanted to increase the deficit by $16.5 billion (1/2) @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
In the last 12 months the Govt has delivered $4 billion in savings in the social services portfolio - @cporterwa #qt #auspol
This Govt has a plan to drive the economy forward and get expenditure under control - @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
We have delivered $6.3 billion in savings. Australia must live within its means. @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
This is a Parliament that will deliver - economic growth is now at 3.5% and there is strong jobs growth - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
The Govt is investing more in health than ever, including an additional $2.9 billion for public hospitals - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
Welcomed by Sydney to open the Laos Australia Institute in Vientiane.
There couldn't be two countries with closer bonds than Australia &amp; Britain. Much to discuss with Prime Minister May
Warm meeting with Prime Minister Modi, discussing strong Australia-India cooperation through trade, defence &amp; sport
We are now connecting more than 50000 premises per month to the NBN - more than Labor did in 6 years - @PaulFletcherMP #qt #auspol
Labor's election policies would have worsened the budget bottom line by $16.6 billion - @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
Australia is a significant contributor to combatting ISIL. This campaign is making progress - @JulieBishopMP #qt #auspol
Labor's Banking Royal Commission would take years, cost hundreds of millions of dollars and achieve nothing - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
Excessive surcharges on credit and debit cards are banned from today - @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
The Coalition took to the election an economic plan for jobs and growth - @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
Like the household budget we have to balance the books by not spending more than we earn - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
In 6 years Labor spent nothing on improving mobile phone coverage in rural and remote Australia - @PaulFletcherMP #auspol #qt
Last financial year a record 7.2 million international visitors came to Australia - @StevenCiobo #auspol #qt
The sooner our bill is passed the sooner the safety of Victorians will be assured - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol #CFA
We are not going to allow a union takeover to undermine the #CFA - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
In the last year there were 17 million more bulk billed visits to the doctor than under Labor - @sussanley #auspol #qt
In contrast, Labor cut defence spending to the lowest level since 1938 #auspol #qt
This Government is putting $195 billion of new investment into our defence industry over the next 10 years - @cpyne @auspol #qt
Labor’s negative gearing policy was calculated to undermine investment and therefore jobs - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
Bill Shorten’s election policies increased the deficit by almost $16.5 billion - @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
Australia continues to grow at one of the highest rates in the developed world - @ScottMorrisonMP #qt #auspol
Bill Shorten’s suggested changes to superannuation would disadvantage women, carers &amp; independent contractors - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
The rule of law needs to prevail in the building construction sector. This is a vital economic reform - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
Today I introduced legislation to reinstate the ABCC which will restore the rule of law in the construction industry - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt
The Leader of the Opposition engaged in one of the most dishonest campaigns ever undertaken in an Australian election - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt
This morning we took another step towards Budget repair with the introduction of the Omnibus Bill - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
But we cannot secure our economic prosperity without facing up to the challenge of Budget repair - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
The Coalition took to the election a clear economic plan to boost investment and generate jobs - @TurnbullMalcolm #qt #auspol
You honour us as you welcome us, the Members of the 45th Parliament to your Country.
Same old pre-election rhetoric from @billshortenmp, more debt, higher taxes, no plan for growth. #npc #auspol